# Roll Call

- Sean, Dimitry, Ben, Andrew, Ziggo
  
# Officer Reports

- Treasurer
  - Still getting ready to file taxes and such
  - There was a member issue involving payment and disputes
  - getting $50 from Jeff's Grandma
- Members
  - Current number of members: ??70??
  - Dmitiry is going to discuss with Rae wether or not we will take credit card info at the beginning of membership or remind them that the membership is gonna run out and that they can sign up 
- Member at Large
  - Tim talking to member about finishing cancellation.
- PR
  - Rae and Kalina created a budget for PR.
    - roughly $2600.
    - It involves 6 major public programming events.
    - Workshops, art nights, event's without cirriculum.
    - Community out reach as well.  
- CTO
  - The 100 amp panel can be converted.
    - Next week we will wire the panel.
    - Everything has been ordered (or things we *should* need).
  - Door
    - New card reader will be installed tomorrow.
    - Membership won't be switched over until we get it done.
    - New stickers ordered for new fobs.
  - Buildling Project
    - George Garcia is working with a University on a bird tracking project. There is a thing on the second floor and they were asking us about things. They very well may become our very first ISP customer.
    - Matt Zito says we can also charge him again.
    - Dmitiry, sean, martin and adam have a chat in regards to electrical/internet things.  
# Open Items
  - 

# Potpourri
  - 
