## Roll Call
=========
- Andrew, Dmitriy, Jeff, Shawn, Ziggo, Tim
  
### Officer Reports
===============
- Treasurer
  - $386.38 in the supply budget for the rest of the fiscal year
    - Considering having the board bump the supply budget by $500 for the rest of the fiscal year to not run over
	- Depends on whether we get our FSL laser fixed soon or not
- Public Relations
  - Third Friday Art Night this Friday Feb 16
  - Birthday Party - March 2
    - Rae and Ben helping organize
	- We need to invite our fellow hacker orgs - PS1, CPL, CTL, GearHead Workspace
- Members
  - Steady
- Member at Large
  - Tim emailed the list letting membership know of his role
  - Dmitriy suggests MaL reviews the Member Handbook
- Backyard
  - Reminder that our landlord will not back us up on any disputes with the neighbor
  - Should install cameras come spring
- RPA
  - Discussion of replacement laser ongoing
  - Artillery printer needs ribbon cables
- Back room
  - No updates
- Front room
  - No updates
- CTO
  - Last of the major server crap which was for sale is sold
  - Test fired the UPS and got some errors that we got parts for
  - Planning to perma-wire the UPS next

### Open Items
==========
  - None

### Potpourri
==================
  - None
