# Roll Call

- Tim, Dmitriy, Jeff, Ben, Andrew, Ziggo, Shawn
  
# Officer Reports

- **Treasurer**
  - There should now be 2 rolls of craft paper at the space.
  - We have paid for sewing machine repairs
  - Payed Rayzer the Lazer
  - Eclipse:
    - Jeff needs check
    - One more round of reimbursement
  - Big update in 1 to 2 months (Secretary of State report)
- **Public Relations**
  - 3rd Friday art night on **April 19** (Ziggo will not be there)
- **Members**
  - Next person is going to be our 300th person to sign up!
    - Let's do a 300th member post!!
    - Currently have 67 Active Members
- **Member at Large**
  - Been seeing more faces at the meetings and seeing more people speak up which is exciting.
  - Let Tim know if something is amiss
- **RPA**
  - Lazer is functional. Outputting at 25-35 watts
  - Lightburn is on the main PC. It can be on 2 computers.
    - Workflow is similar to vinyl cutter.
    - No more camera usage.
    - Wired up rotary thing again.
    - Some parts could not be fixed.
      - *Backlash*: Sometimes the line cut is bubbly. would have to fix berrings which is a mid-level reapir that may not be worth our time.
      - *Old Laser*: Now trash, by front door.
    - May be worth it to get lazer similar to the ones he sells. Would be more powerful and have more functionality.
    - Who will be the new RPA captain? 
      - Karl?
      - 3D Printers?
      - Victor?
      - Ben will post in discord about it again to see if any Membership wants to rise to the occasion
- **Front room**  
  -   - New Desks
      - Printer not stuck
      - Desk next to computer is now a workspace. Do not store things on top of the seat area <3
      - New remote bought from front room area captain for new AV system
      - Board game library in effect
- **CTO**
  - Our batteries for UPS are toast. We have money away for that. We have to buy new batteries for it.
  - It won't turn on correctly without working batteries.
# Open Items
  - *Remind people we are voting tomorrow*
  - *Power racing event at White Sox parking lot on May 4th.* They want us to join as a sponser.
    - Benefits include recognition and publicity.
    - 
  - Envisioning the hacker space this year.
    - More internal and external non-class events, like Mark's honey event. One more interesting event or event we go to that would be great. Find people to host event's here.  
    - Get all our inventory and documention in order and organized.
    - 2 more members so we have 69 again.
    - At some point, Revisit the discussion about growing the board. E.G. A programming person, a membership management role, or something else.
    - Rethink the way we spend time and rethink the way we do things. Be good stewards of our time.
    - A more active, engaged and supportive membership.
    - More interest groups not just pop up by stay around. Balooning, Power racing, etc.
    - 
# Potpourri
  - *Long term storage solution*
    - Specifically for HAB storage.
    - Could we get rid of the old server room and actually build it out in that area.
  - *Could we get a large doner?*
  - *Joe's space*
    - If he is willing to leave, and we cannot afford it, we have members who will be willing to split it.
    - We would need ~130 active members in order to afford it.   
