# Roll Call

- Andrew, Dmitriy, Shawn, Ziggo, Ben, Jeff
  
# Officer Reports

- Treasurer
  - Passed budget increase by $500 this fiscal so we should be good.
  - Filling out secretary of state report (due in 2 months)
- Public Relations
  - 3rd friday art night is this week. Andrew will facilitate it. 
  - Hannah (who lives nearby) wants to do some gardening in our yard and in a community garden sense. They want to use our yard.
    - Ben will give the tour 
    
- Members
  - Still holding relatively steady. We are back down to 66 members
  - No further discussion on robots team. 
- Member at Large
  - not present 
- Backyard
  - no updates
- RPA
  - messy messy
  - rayzer the lazer is coming the weekend of eclipse
  - stuff accumulating
- Back room
  - Clean up day in april after the eclipse stuff
- Front room
  - Spring cleaning
- CTO
  - Trying to turn on UPS and it isn't working yet. 

# Open Items

  - Phil has been told we are witholding the shelf for at least this fiscal year.
  - Never heard back from Polski Lab Makerspace
  - Member Handbook Updates

# Potpourri
  - We will all come back to the next board meeting with a sentence or two on what we hope to see 
  the space become, faciliate, change into or grow into.
  - New member orientation every month? How we conduct our space, discord, etc.
