# Roll Call

- Adam, Dmitriy, Ben, Shawn, Tyler
  
# Officer Reports

- Treasurer
  - ~$5k in funds left
  - Lots of supplies recently
- Members
  - 78 members! Last signup November 12
  - Lots of visitor requests but no followup? Day before Thanksgiving?
  - Let's draft up a followup email for when people don't show up
- Social Media
  - N/A
- Events
  - N/A
- CTO
  - N/A
- Etc
  - Ben: When Dmitriy and Erin certify people, they reference something on their phone? What is it?
    - Something on the wiki! (This is not good)
    - Can we put these in GitHub or in Discord or on the website (yes)
    - Let's try this? https://github.com/sshchicago/sshchicago.github.io/wiki
  - Ben: Going to set up a January workshop
  - Ben: Wants to set up a project-based certification program - this is an angle to incentivize people to do things!
    - e.g. Make a cutting board, a box, or a stool. Or a little Christmas tree!
    - IIT example: make a box but every edge is a different type of cut/join
  - Andrew: Someone got hurt
    - No legal or insurance requirements about reporting or recording this
    - Not sure what else we should do about this?
  - Shawn: Going to add curb-side EV charger
  - Dmitriy: Colin from the building is going to come into the space to do anti-mouse stuff
  - Dmitriy: S&L makerspace club is all set and they're going to start coming in January