Board Meeting 2015-02-09
======

Dmitriy, Swingler, Fong, Agocs

- Taxes
-- Mason, how do taxes work?
- Zoho
-- We are getting our money back
- PS1Auth
-- WHATEVER UGH OMG IT IS BROKEN

- Joe
	- Director of MAKE Chicago
	- More metal fab, wood working, sculpture
	- six years
		- Current space 1 year
	- New initiatives
		- Edu
		- Classes
		- Workshops
	- Bad
		- Building purchasesd
		- New owners not working out

	- Timeline
		- Lease ends 3-4 months

	- Make is for profit
	- Tiers of access
		- Open shop time $40/day
		- Monthly residency $250/mo
		- 101 classes
	- Differentiation
		- We are diy/hobbyest
		- They are more professional
	- Space requirements
		- MAKE: 2200 ft^2 +
		- SSHC: 1500 ft^2 +
	- Money requirements
		- MAKE : 1650
		- SSHC : 1200
	- Third tennant? : James 
		- Woodworking guy who wants his own shop
		- Spin off from  MAKE
	- Find a landlord willing to manage 3 separate leases
	- Danny Solace?
		- Alderman in Pilsen
		- Helping us?
		- Anchor arts community in Pilsen
	- Joe is checking with Pod
	- 1929 S Halsted?
	- Create a NFP to own the building?
		- Lawyers for the Creative Arts
		- Tim Stasi - Real estate broker
	
- Lake FX
	- Arts Community Event
	- Apr 16-19
	- Makerspace on site?
	- Local maker panel


- Reactions to the MAKE proposal
	- Agocs is concerned that we will be competing with him
	- We all agree that we do not want to merge organizations
	- Things we can share:
		- Internet
		- Bathrooms
		- Kitchen
		- Garage?????
		- Storage spaces
		- Lounge/Common area?
		- Communal presentation space?
	- Jessica
		- We can be friends with _some_ benefits
		- Clean lines where benefits are
		- Budka is good at what he does
			- Specific areas
			- We are more broad
		- Likes umbrella NPO that owns the physical space
			- Hackerspace Federation
		- As the board, we always want to be confident and speak positively about our org.
	- Jessica: 
		- Wary, willing to pursue with due dilligence
	- Dmitriy:
		- Baby steps
	- Agocs: 
		- Positive. Pursue, but keep pursuing other avenues.
	- Swingler:
		- ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
