board/minutes/minutes_2014-03-31.rst, before:

Meeting 3/31
Present: Matt/Dmitriy/Mason/Chris S/Jessica

- room is echoey and poorly sealed from the world

Website/FAQ
- need a Real Blog -- agocs teach us to post blogposts, or otherwise move to a different engine
- Dima wants the wiki reskinned to match the website
- FAQ is kinda vague re: us not just being contractors, so we should revisit the A to that FAQ

Fonts
- arial/helvetica/sans-serifs are a fine replacement in browsers/applications that don't allow us to use pretty DIN font
- helvetica preferred

Joint Membership
- Conversation continues, board meeting at PS:1 will hopefully clarify some things
- PS:1 had a full member discussion/vote to approve helping us with the memberships for IGG purposes (YAY)
- probably only have "home hackerspace" in the sense of voting, if full members exist

NSMMF
- Dima set us up the table and stuff
- Probably bring the Reprap, figure out whether or not Nerf stuff will be going on
- Schedule a Nerf hacking event?
  - Set date (After NSMMF)
  - Figure out where (Benton? Our space?)
  - Making sure small screwdrivers are there
  - Prepare a lesson plan-ish thing ("presentation"?)
  - eventbrite

Commit message:

Fix formatting on 3/31 board meeting minutes
holy cow I did *not* do that well at all

board/minutes/minutes_2014-03-31.rst, after:

Board Meeting 3/31
============
Present
  Matt/Dmitriy/Mason/Chris S/Jessica

- room is echoey and poorly sealed from the world

Website/FAQ
-----------
- need a Real Blog
    - agocs teach us to post blogposts?
    - make glue that lets everyone do it?
    - move to a different engine
- Dima wants the wiki reskinned to match the website, in the Distant Future
- FAQ is kinda vague re: us not just being contractors, so we should revisit the A to that FAQ

Fonts
-----
- arial/helvetica/sans-serifs are a fine replacement in browsers/applications that don't allow us to use pretty DIN font
- helvetica preferred

Joint Membership
----------------
- Conversation continues, board meeting at PS:1 will hopefully clarify some things
- PS:1 had a full member discussion/vote to approve helping us with the memberships for IGG purposes (YAY)
- probably only have "home hackerspace" in the sense of voting, if full members exist

NSMMF
-----
- Dima set us up the table and stuff
- Probably bring the Reprap, figure out whether or not Nerf stuff will be going on
- Schedule a Nerf hacking event?
    - Set date (After NSMMF)
    - Figure out where (Benton? Our space?)
    - Making sure small screwdrivers are there
    - Prepare a lesson plan-ish thing ("presentation"?)
    - eventbrite
