Board Meeting Minutes for 2016-01-04
------------------------------------

Roll Call: Dmitriy, Mason, Jessica, Ryan, Chris A, Chris S

Buildout
- Demising wall is done being painted, has floor trim installed and outlet covers are on. For the most part it's totally cool to push stuff back to the wall. TODO: 1. install trim at 8FT level (material purchased) 2. fix drywall hole size around some outlets (may be an electrical code violation).
- Erin is working on a whiteboard mount (material purchased)
- Projection wall is patch mudded and has two coats of primer on it. TODO: 1. probably buy real white paint to finish the job and 2. mount new speakers into wall
- Once we declutter the space some, we will have to make decisions on some fixtures that need building (work surfaces, storage, lockers, etc).
- Shawn fixed the demising wall in the back. There is now a stud going all the way to the ceiling for reinforcement. Despite that, refrain from leaning anything on the wall until we get around to finishing it (it has a substantial todo list attached to it).
- Dmitriy brought in a 5.1 AV system and Ryan wired it up. It needs some configuration once the front speakers are mounted, so until then it may not be intuitive to use.
- Agocs is going to print up Tidy Space/parking ticket papers and distribute them
- Carolee said we can store the TEM in the basement (temporarily). Plan is to sell it after cleaning it up. She also stated they will address the leaks now that the holidays are over and their crews will be around more often (probably will have to remind her about this).
- Dmitriy is checking into IL Attorney General and our status there. Still looking at taxes, might have an update by the meeting
Swingler is working on the Laser Cutter PC; it may need to be reinstalled, which will lead to a call to FSLaser to reactivate
Posters Dmitriy printed for Hack Scholars still laying on the table in the space, waiting to be picked up
- Following up on shirts
- Robot Riot
  - Dmitriy will forward it to the member list
- Swingler is taking his weedwhacker home; Ryan will remind Tim to take home his weedwhacker
- Ubiquiti Unifi is coming back
- We need to get the server cabinet wired back up eventually
