Board Meeting 2016-01-25
========================

Roll Call: Dmitriy, Phil S, Jessica F, Mason D

Minutes
-------
- Dmitriy still working on a design for the laser cutter/3d printer work area, no progress this week
- Erin is also making self-directed efforts to design other workstations. She has a design she's been sharing on IRC; maybe we should ask her to put it on the private list?
- Jessica and Andrew and Christian and Swingler got Hack Scholar posters hung up in various places (Roosevelt, Depaul, IIT, Skylark)! We still need some more posters and volunteers to post at UofC and UIC
- We have already had 5 responses to Hack Scholars, wow! Board list email thread will happen to discuss them. https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1pLLNN2jYEoj5sjBheA7cY0XooiByjNyB-b5pfr5wbMk/edit
- Dmitriy sent off the AG forms today and paid $45 for them; will be reimbursed
- Agocs still needs to get more checks for us.
- After this paperwork goes through, we need to set a schedule of reminders of when to report what.
- Lights were hung and electrical wiring continues
- Laser cutter PC has Windows 8.1 on it; everything was wiped under Phil's direct supervision, so Phil is re-doing RetinaEngrave this weekend, hopefully
- TEM is still in the basement; Phil's still aware of it and working on selling it. May have a buyer for the chiller unit
- Tidy Space Policy: a bunch of tags fell off; Agocs et al will go through/start tossing stuff Wednesday
- Ask Agocs how Amazon Smile is going
- Birthday is in a little over a month: How do we want to celebrate?

- Reminder that we are planning to keep focused discussion at the weekly meeting this week

- Events
  - Tea Party 2PM 1/30
    - Phil and Jessica will be bringing french press, electric kettle, disposable cups, some tea
    - BYOSnacks
  - Artemis Again 6PM 2/5
  - Movie Night 6PM 2/13: GalaxyQuest

