Board Meeting Minutes 2015-02-23
--------------------------------

Present
=======
Jessica F, Dmitriy V, Chris A, Chris S, Andrew E, Mason D

Property
- A lead was found, would be 11k sqft for $5400/mo net, which would be doable three-four-way split

501c3
- Github gave us a bronze account less than 24 hours after emailing them. YAY THEM!
  - We can use the repos for things! YAY US!
- Google wants to see verification of the 501c3 status in the IRS before giving us anything for free
  - Probably want to follow up once that happens, since their offerings are nice
- Agocs left a VM with the IRS asking for clarification about the tax exemption timeline
- Beginning of grantwriting fun times?
  - We need to find some resources/experienced folks to aid us, because we're walkin' blind here
- Agocs will follow up with PNC and Paypal because 501c3 status means other perks there

Moving
- We have access to Dmitriy's truck, Agocs's trailer-capable Wrangler. Would be enough to move everything, agonizingly slowly and tediously.
- Budka has offered to split us a box truck rental if desired.

Board Game Day & SEM fun
- Went well
- Mason retweeted some stuff
- Pictures forthcoming

Birthday Party
- Lower key event
- Announce it happening
- Dmitriy will get a cake
- It may or may not say "501c3" on it
- Jessica will announce it
- Mason will create Meetup after Jessica creates FB event

Maker Summit
- Dmitriy signed up

North Side Mini Maker Faire
- May 2
- If we aren't in the middle of moving, we're probably gonna wanna be there
- Papercraft? We would need to check with CPL


