# ssh:Chicago Meeting Minutes for 2013-01-19 #

## Roll ##
Dmitriy V., John S., Lance C., Nat ?, Ryan A., Tim R.

## Correspondence ##

## Old Business ##
 * Discussion of the Red Moon Theater space, Matt B.
   - Meeting with Frank, one of their directors, on Tuesday.
 * Discussion of the garage space:
   - Rick B. reports his cost estimates are ongoing.
   - Dmitriy V. and Matt C. have talked to Aleks, who is onboard with our
     planning thus far.
 * No report on finances from Mason D. 
   - No additional board members have gotten banking access.
   - Funding for initial supplies and membership costs to be established.
 * Dmitriy V. has put up a maintainance page on our site while we clean up from the hack.
 * Dmitriy V. has written up membership definitions into the bylaws, initial review is positive.

## New Business ##
 * Discussion of needed organizational roles:
  - We're talking with someone whoe might be interested in being our sysadmin.
  - We need to find someone who's willing to do web development for our various properties.
  - Public Relations continues to be a problem, someone really needs to take ownership. Dmitriy V. knows someone who's interested, but still looking.
 * Dmitriy V. has assembled a roadmap document on our Google Docs outlining various operational concerns needing resolution.
 * Meeting next week Sunday at 3:00PM.
