# ssh:Chicago Meeting Minutes for 2013-1-12 #

## Roll ##
Dmitriy V., Galina S., John S., Lance C., Mason D., Matthew B., Matt C., Rick B., Ryan A., Vlada G.

## Correspondence ##
 * Dmitriy V. reports that someone has emailed the list with an interest in
   interviewing us, will follow up.

## New Business ##
 * Matthew B. became involved with Red Moon Theater, and found them a nice mix of
   "maker and burner". Recently they've acquired a much larger space,
   and Frank ?(email) brought up the idea of hosting a hackerspace, recalling
   previous discussions of ssh:c. He'd like to meet with us and talk things over.
   They're presently close to moving in, estimating early to mid Febuary, with a
   5 year lease. They're offering 5000 sq./ft, provisionally with standard utilities,
   and rent would be gratis. Terms would be negotiable, and they'd be particularly
   interested in opportunities for collaboration and resource sharing.
   Things we need to know:
   - Can we get 24h access, and how?
   - How would access between our space and their space be controlled?
   - Arrangements for trash and internet.
   - Overall layout of the space.
   - We should try to have at least a couple of board members meet with him this
     coming week.
   - Retaining both spaces may actually be plausible, requires some evaluation.
 * Rick B. reports that on the whole, the garage space is slowly falling down due
   to various structural problems. Removing the inner roof and adding more trusses
   would go a long way towards solving these issues. Tightening up the masonry is
   also needed, as is fixing the drainage issues. There is drain access to
   the house. Overall, the space has a lot of potential, but needs a great deal
   of work. Overall, a full buildout would cost ~$20k, however a minimal buildout
   would likely cost significantly less. He will provide a better estimate in the
   following week. We need to talk to Aleks.

## Old Business ##
 * Status of our finances:
   - Dmitriy V. suggests that given the buildout costs for the garage, a funding
     funding campaign would be very useful, possibly on Indie-Go-Go. Need to look
     into rewards of some sort.
   - Deferring discussion of dues until next meeting, presently we have $40 and 
     $60 recurring options available.
   - Mason D. reports we now have over $1k in our account.
   - No board member other then Mason D. presently has bank access, need to fix.
 * Discussion of membership:
   Dmitriy V. has drafted a three tiered membership structure, providing the
   following levels of membership:
   - Member, this has 24h access, storage as provided, and full voting rights.
   - Associate, contributes money or work to the hackerspace as accepted by the 
     board, this provides access to the space when it is occupied by a member,
     certification on equipment, and participation in general body meetings.
     May also pay a small fee for unrestricted access with the consent of the board.
   - Guest, a visitor with no formal association.
   - A family membership would be a nice touch.
   - Need to develop a membership agreement.
 * Status of the website.
   - We are presently hacked, we have an offer of cleanup help presently.
