# ssh:Chicago Meeting Minutes for 2013-03-20 #

## Roll ##
Britta, Dmitriy V, Jessica S., Lance C., Mason D., Matt C., Ryan A., Vlada G.

## Correspondence ##
 * No major updates on the Red Moon space, some minor details on the list.
   Matt C. is in contact with Matt B. Internet access is an issue, there really
   is no cheap option. We should talk to Chris S. about the nearby carrier hotel,
   and with the city about development funding.

## Reports ##
Treasurer Report
 : No updates.
IT Chair Report
 : Chris S. has been working on improvements to the LDAP web interface and
   beginning to contemplate network buildout, although his time is presently
   limited by his new job.

## Old Business ##
 * Discussion of space configuration has been ongoing on the mailing list.
   Alex introduced us to an architect friend who may be interested in
   designing the space. Need to follow up with Rick B., and find someone
   knowledgeable with building codes.

## New Business ##
 * We should have another workshop with ToooL.
 * PS:1 is having a n00b's workshop this Sunday at 4PM, as well as
   a talk about Fourier Transforms at 1PM.
 * We should look into grants from the Awesome Foundation, which
   has a Chicago branch.
