General Meeting Minutes 2015-12-16
----------------------------------

Roll Call: Phil, Mason, Andrew, Erin, Agocs, Dmitriy, Shawn, Christian, Tom, Jeremy 

- ROOF! There is a work order to fix it. No apparent leaks from the recent rains.
- Buildout
  - Erin is making tables out of scrap wood
    - We need more clamps
  - Dmitriy is back from the mudding break
    - Saturday afternoon
- Authorization chat
  - Lockout system? Yes, eventually -- working on it
  - Wiki link stuff
- Taxes
  - Agocs filed the 990-N, still needs to do Illinois taxes
    - Dmitriy will help Agocs with it
  - Convenient Graph of money available at end of month
  - We still need to pay insurance moneys
  - ~5 folks paying the old rates
- Hack Scholars
  - J finished the poster
  - Dmitriy printed posters! They look good!
  - Gonna start postering places
- Phil's Crates
  - Tonight after the meeting?
- Focus Group
  - Some Thursday in January
  - If anyone is interested, ping Agocs
- TEM
  - 5.5KVA
  - Phil will head up the process of getting it back in operation
- Robot-y stuff
  - Andrew will work on making it work-ish
- Space Improvement Projects
    - Need to make the wiki Suck Less
- Projects
  - Andrew built uprights for CNC
  - Laser cutter needed for the gumball machine
  - Dust collection: upping the size of collection bin or doubling up?
- I'm just going to buy Windows Licenses

Potpourri
--------
- Geiger counter is coming tomorrow with Ryan Pierce to check out that vessel

