General Meeting Minutes 2015-12-09
----------------------------------

Roll Call: Dmitriy, Mason, Chris A, Phil S, Andrew, Jessica, Mike (new!), Peter (new!), Billy (new member!), Tom

- ROOF! There is a work order to fix it.
- Buildout
  - Erin is making tables out of scrap wood
  - Dmitriy is taking a mudding break
- Space Improvement Projects
  - How to encourage folks to talk about projects?
    - Time at the end of the meeting to discuss them
    - Need to make the wiki Suck Less
    - Agocs rose movement to add 'Project Updates' as standing item at the end of the meeting minutes pre-potpourri: Passed.
- Authorization chat
  - Lockout system? Yes, eventually -- working on it
  - Wiki link stuff
- Taxes
  - Agocs filed the 990-N, still needs to do Illinois taxes
  - Convenient Graph of money available at end of month
  - We still need to pay insurance moneys
  - ~5 folks paying the old rates
- Hack Scholars
  - J finished the poster
  - Gonna start postering places
- Phil's Crates
  - 40+ crate-sides available, but need to get from suburbs to the space
- Projects
  - Andrew is working on uprights for CNC
  - Laser cutter needed for the gumball machine
  - Dust collection: upping the size of collection bin or doubling up?

Potpourri
--------
- We need Windows Licenses

