Minutes for 2015-11-11
======================

Roll Call
---------
Mason, Andrew, Phil, Ryan, Dmitriy, Saad, Todd, Jasmine, Carl, Megan, Ian

President
- No buildout progress in last week, hoping to make up for it Thanksgiving weekend
- Ryan has more AV stuff to be installed
- The lockbox was installed, yay
- Anticipating getting together with Tim week(end) of Thanksgiving to wire up the front room as much as we can
- Mudding to happen whenever people are available this month, 90 minute mud to be purchased
- Talked to Joe Budka about helping us make plans for plywood shelving and workbenches
- Dan the Lawyer called him this week to chat about the Bylaws. They are in decent shape but he may be suggesting changing some things for clarification.
- Shawn gave us $60 to print stickers. Dmitriy sent it off for sticker printing
Vice President
- Agocs and Phil hosted a Rapid Prototyping class here from a Chicago magnet school; it went well (kids were surprisingly engaged, nobody got hurt)
Contact Carl about Hack Scholars application
Treasurer
- A few stragglers probably need to pay the new rate
- We should file 990N for 2014 and backtaxes with IL
Chief Technology Officer
- How many Windows licenses do we need? They are $15 a pop and we can totally get them more than once.
Other
- PS1 and Chill - it went well, generally!
- 15-20 people
- delicious foodstuffs
- a+ would chill again

Potpourri
--------
- Arts thingy happening 12/5, 12/6; electricity should happen before that
    - Cut some trinkets and such for ornamentedness

