Meeting Minutes for 2018-05-23

============================

Roll Call: Thomas, Andrew, Phil, Erin, Jessica, Tiangang, D'mitri, Jeff, Eric

    - Sponsorship Update
      - No Update
   
    - Treasurer update
      - Amazon gave us $40-50

    - PR update
      - Like us on FB!
      - 

    - Area Captains
      - Back room
        - See below

      - Front Room
        - Mouse still on the lam 

      - Rapid Prototyping Area
        - No update, buried under back room stuff
       
      
Events
    - Hack the Attack (Aikido)-Sundays and Saturdays 11:00am-1:00pm
       - Not Including this week

    - Social Night - 2nd and 4th Fridays
       - 5/25 is next - Video Game : "Spy Party"

 
       
Projects
    - Back Room Improvement Project
       - Air Cleaner installed - not wired completely
       - Table saw 
         - Assembled
         - Getting a dust collector
       - Dust Collection 
          - To be put in new location
          - Hopefully we can get some ducting donated
       - Things are getting permanent places
       - Future things to think about: AC, backyard stuff
 
    - CNC Router
        - No update (but the back room is in transition so I have an excuse)


Potpourri
  - Japandy is available
  - Phil is going to put a Project List on the whiteboard - put your name on it if you want to participate
  - Backyard
    - Weeding has happened - bring in cardboard boxes to cover the mugwort to kill them mugwort
    - Bricks have been collected
    - Area is "communal"
    - Possible PLan
      - Rip everthing out
      - Level it
      - Put some pavers in
      - Next tier : Deck?  Would require permission
  - Andrew made a vortex cannon
  - Air Conditioning
    - IF we install AC in the window, we will have to build a grating
    - Cost to be investigated
  - Possible server room AC to come from JEssica - sale price forthcoming
       








