# Roll Call
- Members: Adam, Jen, Martin, Kalina, Karl, Will, Dmitriy, Erin, Andrew E, Ben, Henry, Victor, Jeff, Ziggo, Ted, Tyler, Kevin, Fred, Raik
- Guests: 

# Director and Area Reports
- Treasurer (Dmitriy)
  - Nothing new
  - Proposal budget ~$5500
- Events (Kwame)
  - Board Game Day - Nov 15th 2PM
    - Hot Streak!
  - Talking to workshop people!
- Social Media (Karl)
  - Will be posting about board game day. Like, Share, etc
  - Please continue to post photos to #business>photos on Discord or talk to Karl
  - Social media is full of cool things (GJ Karl and also Kalina)
- Member at Large (Ben)
  - All about the Benjamins
- Front Room (Martin)
  - Will clean up on Friday before games
  - Will hurt people who make a mess
  - Projector isn't working :(
  - Computer USB ports still not really working
- Rapid Prototyping Area (Ben)
  - Clean up after yourselves SERIOUSLY
  - Metal working shelf is WIP
- Back Room (Will)
  - Planer has a better power cord now (thanks Erin/Shawn)
  - Push blocks are here
  - No ETA on bandsaw yet
- Back Yard (Kalina)
  - Is good. Mice evicted. Water drained. Shed tidied

# Interest Groups
- High Altitude Ballooning (Jeff and Adam)
  - No updates
- Metal Working Group (Victor)
  - Proposal incoming for more stuff (still)
  - Reorganize equipment
- Meshtastic
  - Met today. Talked encryption and RPi Pico (thank you Ted)
  - Follow along in #meshtastic
- 3D Group
  - No updates

# Business
- Proposal for Lithium Fire Extinguisher. Was seconded.
  - $140ish?
- Proposal incoming for entryway bike station

# Potpourri
- Go look at the northern lights
- Tickets for the Chicago International Puppet Festival went on sale today. Highly recommended by many hackers!
- Sam is still looking for a puppet venue
- Building intercom is changed over. Hackerspace door is changed over. New way to let people in from the space (video!). Phone will probably move.
  - Eventually there will also be a better dock door!
- Don't let people into the building.