# Roll Call
- Members: Erin S, Andrew E, Ben M, Victor E, Karl B, Will C, Jeff C, Henry
- Guests: none

# Director and Area Reports
- Treasurer (Dmitriy)
  - $5,044.28 available
  - repair parts are coming in
- Events (Kwame)
  - Friday, December 19 - Third Friday - still on, doing the metal pour
  - Saturday, January 17, 7PM - cold party
  - Soldering workhop in January?
- Social Media (Karl)
  - Please continue to post photos to #business>photos-for-pr on Discord or talk to Karl
- Member at Large (Ben)
  - No update
- Front Room (Martin)
  - No update
- Rapid Prototyping Area (Ben)
  - RPA computer has a folder called 'network share' that can be accessed on the front room computer (Z drive)
- Back Room (Will)
  - Bandsaw blades for new bandsaw still en route
  - Random orbital sander will be repaired soon
  - Router table still down - trying to pick a replacement spindle - blame Erin
- Back Yard (Kalina)
  - See ya in spring 2026!

# Interest Groups
- Metal Working Group (Victor)
  - Silver pour this Friday the 19th
- Meshtastic
  - No updates

# Business
- Proposals
  - Nothing

# Potpourri
- Next meeting is January 7 - see ya in 2026!
