# Roll Call
- Members: Adam, Andrew E, Ziggo, Christian, Erin, Martin, Dmitriy, Ben, Ted, Tyler, Will, Henry, Andrew S, Karl
- Guests: 

# Director and Area Reports
- Treasurer (Dmitriy)
  - $5,044.28 available
  - Expecting a lump sum of membership money in January
- Events (Kwame)
  - Thinking about a holiday party in the less far future
  - 3rd Friday December 19 is gonna happen
  - Soldering workhop in January!
  - Monday December 22 - first of monthly sci-fi nights by Ben(TM). ~7pm, Gattaca
- Social Media (Karl)
  - Please continue to post photos to #business>photos-for-pr on Discord or talk to Karl
- Member at Large (Ben)
  - New system in place for booking tours incoming
  - If you get hurt, please let _someone_ know. Anonymous feedback QR Code! Member At Large! This isn't a shame thing, it's a safety thing. (Same if tools break!)
- Front Room (Martin)
  - Chairs have been cleaned! Thanks Erin for bringing the upholstry cleaner
  - Floor was also mopped!
  - Ben has been working on "vibe lighting". 
- Rapid Prototyping Area (Ben)
  - PUT YOUR SHIT AWAY. SERIOUSLY.
  - Shelves have been reorganized
  - Ceiling cable trays are being installed
- Back Room (Will)
  - Erin is looking for band saw blades because the new one doesn't come with any
  - Erin is also trying to improve the air compressor drain thing
  - Random orbital sander is broken and will be repaired (Dmitriy waiting on parts)
  - Router table is sad again, Erin will keep looking into it
- Back Yard (Kalina)
  - See ya in spring 2026!

# Interest Groups
- Metal Working Group (Victor)
  - Silver pour around third Friday? Talk to Victor or post in the channel
  - Talk to Victor about metal parts, talk to Karl about 3D printing stuff
- Meshtastic
  - No updates / no meeting this week

# Business
- Proposals
  - Nothing

# Potpourri
- Vibe light demo
