##Roll Call
=========
- Ben M, Rae, Erin, Andrew, Andrew, Jeff, Dmitriy, Adam, Tim, Shawn, Will



##Officer  Reports
- Treasurer (Dmitriy V)
  - **No Updates**

-Public Relations
  ### Events
    - Feb 10th is the next sewing class.
    - Feb 16 will be the next 3rd friday art night
    - Feb 17 board game day. Hours TBD, its a phil-andrew-rae collab that will happen that saturday, with potential to become a regular occurance.
    - March 2nd - Birthday Party
    - March 3rd - Beginner Sewing Class (2nd iteration!)
    
  
- Front Room (Ben)
  - Nothing to report
  - Candy overflowing in the pumpkin.
  
- RPA (Phill S)
  - Laser is still down. No response from FSL.

- Back Room (Will C)
  - Lets check the dust thing.
  - We own an extended warrenty for the drill press.
  - A.C. Filter needs to be changed (dmitriy)
  - Try to help keep woodshop components maintained.

- Back Yard (Jeff C).
  - Sleeping
  - Seeding season is almost upon us!

## Old Business
  - Laser Cutter
      - Thread in discord or discuss in person, discord thread will be updated with ideas and inputs.

## New Business
  - Vote: Rapid Action Budget
       - Yay: 9
       - Nay: 5
       - Abstaining: 1
       - Motion Passes
  - Discuss: Area Captain Budget
       - 2/14/2024 Vote
             - $500 budget for each area captain, in order to match backyard area captain.
             - Budget is for use specifically for the area captains area, and is up to their discretion. This must be disclosed at each meeting.
             - President Can Help with Dispersal of funds.
             - Clarification: How are funds dispersed?
                - Pres and tresurer have physical access to the money, and maintain power to veto.
                - Is it power to veto absolute? The board reserve the right through a board vote to suspend/restrict a budget.
            - How does this effect supply budget?
               - Proposal currently suggusts that will remain unchanged, but that is open for discussion. we could reduce amount for area captain budget or for supply budget to balance, or any other idea.
          - If you have the link you can send it in and the treasurer or president can buy this.
          - When it comes to asking president or treasurer, you only have to ask one or the other, it doesn't have to be both.
          - Should this seperate supply and maintenance budgets? or should the distinction be made when area captains spend the budget?

### Interest Groups
- Balloon
  - No updates. It's coming up though. maybe sooner than you think?
  - We have plenty of solar glasses to give out.

- Ham Radio
  - Feb 18th this month (northbrook library)
  - hamstudy.org

- Inventory Stuff is stalled right now
   - We need to stand up the PHP server for getting tagged.

- Birthday Party planning comittee!
   - Hack-a-thon activites!!
   - Extended invites to organization.
    
##Potpourri



## Action Items
    - Change a.c. filter in woodshop (dmitriy)
    - Let Members know that we have solar glasses for free (ben)
    -
