# Roll Call

- Ben, Jen, Erin, Andrew, Martin, Dmitriy, Dan, Rae, Kyle (guest), Ziggo, Will, Kalina

# Director and Area Reports

- Treasurer (Dmitriy V)
  - Filing happens next month
- Public Relations (Ziggo G)
  - N/A
- Front Room (Ben M)
  - Painting scheming happening soon
  - Drywalling in here
- Rapid Prototyping Area (N/A)
  - 3D printers
    - All of them except one of the artillery printers is functional.
    - the one artillery printer that is being difficult is something wrong with the filament sensor
    - George Marcia has a bamboo and recommends it to us if we want to consider that in the future.
  - Lazer Cutter
    - Rayzer the Lazer is gonna be touching base in September and will be bringing us a new tube.
- Back Room (Will)
  - Back room is good. It continues to operate and be functional.
- Back Yard (Kalina G)
  - There is still an ear of corn available in the yard.
  - Look out for upcoming events in the yard.
  - Projector setup outside is now functional!
  - Pizza oven going to be built imminently.
    
# Interest Groups
- Electronics club (Seth H)
  - Jen went this week! Nobody was there :'( Try again next monday!
  - Is seth still running it? Let's ask
    
# Business
  - Old Business
    - Out front signage
      - Out front wall needs to be painted soon either way
      - Letter examples made soonish
      - Should the letters say something else, like a phrase perhaps? something to compliment the SSH         name in vinyl on the door
  - Discussion Topics
    - Skillswap rollodex
      - There are lots of costly, intimidating machines here. Lets find out who is knowledgeable   
        about machines, who is down to teach, and who wants to learn what.
      - There is a google form that is in the discussions. You can click to see the spreadsheet of            who has what and what everybody has to offer.
      - Wiki is pinned and holds the info on who is certified.
      - All info for wiki, member docs, etc is pinned in important info channel.
  - Proposals
    - New proposals
      - [3d Scanner](https://www.amazon.com/Creality-CR-Scan-Raptor-Industrial-Anti-Shake/dp/B0D2MRP2W3/) ~$1900
        - software is free! Can go on multiple machines
        - Does it have a cool carrying case? Yes it does!
        - It is easy to use!
        - Should we get insurance? Its an extra $200
        - Seconded
  - Action Items
    -

# Potpourri 
  - If you are interested in helping with inventory stuff contact Dmitiry
  - 
