# Roll Call

In Person

- Erin S
- Andrew S
- Andrew E
- Ziggo G
- Phil S
- Fannie Y
- Jeff C
- Todd D - guest
- Kalina G
- Mike (?) - guest
- Karl B

Remote

- Erik L
- Rae S
- Shawn C
- Adam K

# Director and Area Reports

- Treasurer (Dmitriy V)
  - No updates
- Public Relations (Ziggo G)
  - No updates
- Front Room (Ben M)
  - No updates
- Rapid Prototyping Area (Phil S)
  - Laser Cutter
    - Proposal to fix the Muse below
  - Discussion on resoldering tool clogs
- Back Room (Will C)
  - Let's check if the forstener bit set has returned after the meeting
- Back Yard (Kalina G)
  - Discussion on Discord about backyard plans - please participate

# Events

- Third Friday Art Night - February 16
  - Went well!
- Board Game Day - February 17
  - Phil was here for like 12 hours and lost a lot
  - It was a good time
- Hackerspace's 12th Birthday Party - March 2
  - Details TBD - 7PM start for now
  - Does anyone has contact info for Gearhead Workspace? Maybe Tim says membership
- Sewing Class Level 1 Repeat - March 3

# Interest Groups

- Solar Eclipse Balloon Team
  - Project ongoing - meeting after this one in the space
  - April 4 - demo for students at Minnie Mi√±oso Academy - looking for volunteers
  - April 8th is the eclipse
  - Discussion on Discord
- Ham Radio Interest Group
  - Andrew E took A Test
  - Adam is lazy

# Business

- Proposal to Increase NEBP Cost Reimbursement Fund to $5000 (Jeff C)
  - 15 YES, 0 NO, 0 ABSTAIN
  - Motion passes
- Proposal to Create Discretionary Budgets for Area Captains (Jeff C)
  - 14 YES, 0 NO, 0 ABSTAIN
  - Motion passes
- Proposal to Allocate $2500 to Resurrect the FSL Muse Laser Cutter (Phil S)
  - Questions this week, voting next week on February 28

# Potpurri and Action Items
- No potpurri
