# Roll Call

- Dmitriy Andrew Andrew Tim Ziggo Jeff Shawn Erik Adam


# Last Week Action Items
  - 

# Director and Area Reports

- Treasurer (Dmitriy V)
  - Jeff and Dmitriy need to meet soon
- Public Relations (Ziggo G)
  - 3rd Friday Art night! (Ziggo is not there, Andrew will) 6-?
  - Board Game Saturday
- Front Room (Ben M)
  - Ziggo fixed Light pulling thing
  - New AV reciever
  - New Work Space
  - Printer Moved
- Rapid Prototyping Area (We still need a new captain)
  - Laser Cutter working again!
  - New Work Area back there
  - Lets get spare computer monitor mounted to the wall near the work area to make useage of RPA easier
- Back Room (Will)
  - If you have been in the backroom over the weekend, and noticed the beeping, the beeping has now stopped.
  - 
- Back Yard (Kalina G)
  - Super Clean and Tidy
  - Dug out a bunch of stuff from the sub-roof, water should be filling in the tank.
  - Big thank you to all who attended
  - Is there another work day happening soon?

# Interest Groups
- Ham interest group
  - Adam wants to build a portable HAM station (more info in the HAM interest group channel)
- High Altitude Balloon 
  - When the APRS is found, we are gonna send it to the company and get it replaced.
  - Gonna keep doing fun new ideas with balloons! Keep up to date in the channel.
- Electronics
  - Electronics group will be on Mondays at 7:30
- Power Racing
  - Parts have been bought. Car coming along
  - If we have any folks who are interested in vending, please send them to Moonie, or Rae, to get them into the fair.
  - We need to get a new tent and get the one Jeff has.
  - Ziggo has msgd people, andrew is suggusting the plant.
  - Kevin (member-emeritus) may be coming thru and documenting. He may be willing to do video.
  - Last year there was an afterparty at gearhead, if we do want to have an afterparty here it should start at 7:30. We don't have to commit to this cause it could be a long day.

# Business
  - Discussion
    -
  - Proposals
    - SSHC sponsering PRS
      - Vote:
        - Yes: 12
        - No : 0
        - Abstain: 1
        - The motion passes
    - New ProposalS
        - $250 for after-party
          - Seconded (for discussion)
          - Will we get new audience from this?
          - Last year at gearhead there was NOTHING so no PRS budget from them. We want to spend money to make a great party like our anniversary party.
          - If there is not enough people comitted to doing this in terms of manhours, it is gonna burn out members perhaps.
          - PR budget only has ~$300 in it untill July.
          - How as the party last year? It was decent
          - We need material about us AND about the party to pass out.
# Potpurri and Action Items
  - Kden Live
    - Great all platform video software. You can use command line.
  - Data processing for HAB stuff is online!!! hab.spectrumcat.com
    - Ask member for password
    - Feel free to download/copy. It can do cool stuff so play around!
  - Ben will post all links in power racing channel
  - Ben will make the proposal in discord and add sheet for logistics for maker fair

  - Moonie said they are looking for bike racks for barriers.
    - Have they asked Garunteed Rate Field for the barriers?
    - Is nicole lee involved?
  - They want to do like a post-mortum a week afterwards to plan next year.

# Next week action items
