##Roll Call
=========
- Ben M, Erik, Rae, Andrew S, Will, Sean, Andrew, Karl, Tim, Adam, Nick R

##Status Reports
- Treasurer (Dmitriy V)
  - 1st of Feb is next Treasury Update
- Public Relations (Ziggo)
 - We did the art night, sewing class, and holiday party! They were all good!
  ### Events
    - Feb 3rd is the next dewing class.
    - Feb 17 board game day. Hours TBD, its a phil-andrew-rae collab that will happen that saturday, with potential to become a regular occurance.
    - Feb 16 will be the next 3rd friday art night
- Front Room (Ben)
  - The couch is outside the the space. Keep an eye on the dumpster is empty and let ben know when it is. If you feel up to it go ahead and destroy or salvage materials from it first, but we won't be waiting for that if the dumpster is free.
  - Tables rae posted are probably not the ones for us. A proposal will be submitted for a slush fund to buy certain pieces for front room redesign.
- RPA (Phill S)
  - The lazer cutter was cleaned two weeks ago, it's getting better, but also the lazer is getting a little old. **Shawn** and **andrew** are debating upgrading the tube and power supply. They will talk to phil about it.
- Back Room (Will C)
  - Remove the dust vent thing inside the tablesaw to see how much sawdust built up inside of it. After a week it is getting dust but is a very limited amount (inconclusive as to wether its faster or not). IT is however easier to retrieve broken pieces.
- Back Yard (Jeff C)
  - Sleepy time. There is still a WHOLE budget AND the budget is about to reset.
  - Anybody want to be backyard area captain duties?

##Meetings, Events and Interest Groups



### Interest Groups
 - Solar Eclipse Baloon Team
   - Been having enlightening talks on mystery devices. Still looking for an event in southern illinois (southeast) where a ground station can be set up.
   - Who all is still interested in going?
   - Andrew S, adam, jeff, kevin, trevor
 - HAM radio interest group
   - 3 levels: tech, general, operator.
   - Shawan says for repeater and isolation transformer to work we need a subpanel just for the transformer. It's gonna be good to go within a few months potentially.
   - we need to know where the plug for the ham radio will be, so shawn knows where to punch holes. It can be on the gorrila platform.
 -



##Proposals
  - \$150 - Pi 5 purchase. We're interested!
    (vote on 1/24/2024)
    - Yea: 9 in person, 4 online
    - Nay: 0
  - $100 - UltraSonic Cleaner
    - 7" x 6" x 8"
    - +\$50 for chemicalzzzz
    - Yea: 9 in person, 4 online
    - No:

##Potpourri
  - Rae wants to know who is managing the website, what platform is it on, can we adjust it? They created a form for creating workshops, need to post it. But there IS a linktree now.
    - The website is a neglected wordpress website, credentials can be shared. We can also nuked. We can make a hard decision at the board beeting.
    - Do we need a website captain? **No.**
  - There is a robotic monkey that somebody sent in their payload for the eclipse, and they were able to send commands to it throughout the flights! It will be shared soon so we will share when they share.
  -


## Action Items
- Jeff *or* Dmitiry
 - Purchase raspi and setup.
 - Purchase ultrasonic cleaner.
