# Roll Call
- Members: Ben, Ted, Chris, Erin, Tyler, Ilda, Ziggo, Renny, Dmitriy, Andrew E, Victor, Adam, Shawn, Will, Martin, Jeff, Kalina, Kwame

# Director and Area Reports
- Treasurer (Dmitriy)
  - Nothing
- Events (Kwame)
  - Ghosts in the Garden on Sunday
  - We got a member from OHC!
- Social Media (Karl)
  - There are posts on the FB and IG
  - Please reshare GitG post
  - Please post photos to #business>photos
- Member at large (Ben)
  - Please respond to the post in #general about what you want
- Front Room (Martin)
  - No updates
- Rapid Prototyping Area (Ben)
  - KEEP IT CLEAN (specifically the workspace)
- Back Room (Will)
  - There's more blast media (abrasive powder)
  - Erin sharpened lots of stuff! And reground the plane bases
- Back Yard (Kalina)
  - Taking down umbrella and emptying water tank after GitG
  - Mulder got scared away by 'yotes

# Interest Groups
- High Altitude Ballooning (HAB)
  - No updates
- Metal Working Group
  - Pouring FRIDAY for real this time (7-9pm)
  - There's some raw materials in the space still
  - Proposal incoming from micro welder
- Meshtastic
  - Going to meet on Wednesdays at 6pm
  - Let's put nodes on the roof
- 3D Group
  - Renny made 50 models to populate a video game house and should share

# Business
- No business

# Events
- Board Game Day - Nov 15th 2PM
- GHOSTS IN THE GARDEN - see above
- Lost media night is happening

# Potpurri
- Do we need more HDMI inputs? FRONT ROOM CAPTAIN PLZ
- Shawn wants to bring back burning CDs
  - Mix tape secret santa?????
- Ted needs to talk to Shawn about wiki ownership