# Roll Call
- Members: Erin, Andrew E, Adam, Tyler, Chris, Renny, Ziggo, Dmitriy, Will, Jeff, Ted, Karl, Kwame
- Guests: none

# Director and Area Reports
- Treasurer (Dmitriy)
  - New year new financial update
  - $6,554.25 available
  - Fire extinguishers need to be annually re-tested
- Events (Kwame)
  - Saturday, January 17, 7PM - cold party
  - Saturday, January 24, 2PM - board game day! Come meet Andrew's mom (she's into Wingspan)
  - Soldering workhop in January? Ben?
- Social Media (Karl)
  - Please continue to post photos to #business>photos-for-pr on Discord or talk to Karl
- Member at Large (Ben)
  - No update
- Front Room (Martin)
  - No update
- Rapid Prototyping Area (Ben)
  - Tell people when you borrow stuff
  - New (to us) resin printer is here - Renny? Renny!
- Back Room (Will)
  - Blades are on and Will has been bandsawed
  - Erin is doing stuff with storage collection and blades
  - Random orbital has been repaired
  - Router table still down - Erin has a motor but not a VFD to fix it
  - Overhead dust collection filters have been ordered
  - Hole saw bit kit replaced
  - Workbench casters can be installed
- Back Yard (Kalina)
  - See ya in spring 2026!

# Interest Groups
- Metal Working Group (Victor)
  - Silver pour on Wednesday January 28?
- Meshtastic
  - No updates
- Linux (Ted)
  - Need a Discord channel (Andrew E did this LIVE)
  - We can VM shit up 


# Business
- Proposals
  - Nothing

# Potpourri
  - Smells nice
  - We might get some files and rasps from Erin