# Roll Call
- Members: Erin, Andrew E, Andrew S, Dmitriy, Ziggo, Ted, Martin, Shawn, Jeff C
- Guests: Carl

# Director and Area Reports
- Treasurer (Dmitriy)
  - No updates
- Events (Kwame)
  - Saturday, March 14 - Birthday Party
  - Probably have another movie night on the first Monday of March
- Social Media (Karl)
  - If members would like to advertise their meetups, we can post about it
  - Post stuff in the PR channels so we social media it
- Member at Large (Ben)
  - No updates
- Front Room (Martin)
  - Printer paper and dry erase markers acquired (thanks Dmitriy)
  - There are dual monitors on the from room PC (thanks Martin)
- Rapid Prototyping Area (Ben)
  - No updates
- Back Room (Will)
  - Please return the band clamp
  - Spindle router assembly is in progress - wiring, installation, cooling
  - Overhead cord reel installed
  - Erin is training on bandsaw soon and promises to write it down
- Back Yard (Kalina)
  - No updates

# Interest Groups
- Metal Working Group (Victor)
  - Sequential monthly pours for Silver, Aluminium, Bronze
  - Proposal below
- Meshtastic
  - Are we going to meet?
- LUG
  - Ted planning to have a meetup on March 5, 7PM
    - No big agenda, just chat about computers

# Business
- Proposals
  - Metal Club Proposal #4 - $900
    - Seconded

# Potpourri
  - There will be signs above the fire extinguishers by the end of the week
  - Baby sighting
