# ssh:Chicago Meeting Minutes for 2012-05-02 #

## Roll ##
Adam E., Bobby Z., Dmitriy V., John S.(remote), Joy B., Lance C., Mason D., Matt C., Vlada G.

## Correspondence ##
 * Bobby Z. talked to Dan from Fab Lab about an individual interested in opening a hackerspace in the West Loop,
   want to fund a space, and are looking for a group to operate it.

## Old Business ##
 * Updates on tutorials
   - Lance C. reports that nobody went to the Ruby tutorial last week,
     due to insufficient promotion.
 * Matt C. reports no progress thus far on bylaws revisions.
 * Matt C. reports that we have arranged to get a VPS for 6 months at a reasonable rate, will reevaluate after that.
   Should be up by tomorrow. Running Ubuntu Server with 2 cores, 1GB RAM, 35GB disk.
 * Joy B. on Bridgeport Day organizing
   - We should acquire a Power Wheels to use in the parade.
     A banner would also be a good idea, Bobby Z. and Joy B. will collaborate on doing this at Fab Lab.
   - We should also try to staff a table afterwords.
 * Deadline to volunteer for Pitchfork has past, some people signed up.
 * Mason D. is willing to host work on a Power Wheels.
   - Joy B. strongly suggests we enter all of the races, rather then just the one in Evanston,
     both to network as well as to improve our odds of winning. The Detroit race coincides with
     the Detroit Makers Faire, making it even better for networking and general fun.
   - Joy B. will shop Craigslist for a car.
   - Bump the Google Groups thread!
   - Maximum of $500 other then safety equipment.
 * What projects did we work on over the last week?
   - Joy B. is working on a car dashboard circuit for class.
   - Matt C. is modding his alarm clock to add a USB charge port.
     He's also beginning to learn JS.
   - Lance C. spent an afternoon debugging into glibc while at Thotcon.

## New Business ##
 * Dmitriy V. has added a number of of events to our Google Calendar, go check them out.
 * Party planning for the party over Memorial Day weekend at Matt C.'s, should decide what sort
   of event we want to have.
