General Meeting Minutes 2016-02-03
==================================

Roll Call: Mason, Alan, Jessica, Phil, Shawn, Chris A, Erin, Jack, Dmitriy

Minutes
-------

- Reminder that we are planning to keep focused discussion at the weekly meeting this week
- Dmitriy still working on a design for the laser cutter/3d printer work area
- Erin is also making self-directed efforts to design other workstations. She has a design she's been sharing on IRC.
- SnL Whiteboards
  - SnL has Whiteboards; we should try to get a few and possibly wheel-mount one for convenience's sake
- Hack Scholars Update
  - 3 folks will be getting Interview invitations soon
  - Phil and Jessica will coordinate going to the other universities and flyering them
- Corporate paperwork update
  - None
- Corporate Checks Status
  - None
- Laser cutter and PC are operational
- TEM is still in the basement; Phil's still aware of it and working on selling it. May have a buyer for the chiller unit
  - Sputter coater probably won't be able to be sold to PS:1 for $REASONS; instead, ebay/microscopy leads are happening
- Birthday is in a little over a month: How do we want to celebrate?
  - 3/11 (Friday) maybe? No objections from attendees
  - Possible activities? 3D printers printing trinkets, invite TOOOL, personal show-off-of-things? Artemis?
- MIG update
  - Met on Sunday, will tell Dan which multirotor options they want and Dan will coordinate a group buy for it
  - Mailing list will be created for MIG
- $954.91 in checking, so no PNC fees this month hopefully
  - Insurance has been paid, outstanding debts are to members
- Agocs will follow up with the Insurance Person who reached out to us last year re: getting a quote and possible hot work

Events
- Tea Party recap
  - Another tenant joined and a good tea time was had by all
- Artemis Again 6PM 2/5
  - Laser cutter PC can be a station point or server or whatever Artemis calls it
  - Phil will be providing a few spare PCs for visitors without machines
- Movie Night 6PM 2/13: GalaxyQuest

Project Check-Ins
- Air filter/dust collector/dust separator (Erin)
  - No updates
- Workbench (Erin)
  - No updates
- CNC mill (Andrew/Agocs)
  - Agocs has been talking with Thomas about milling parts for the CNC mill
- Engraving machine (Andrew)
- Laser cutter setup (Phil)
  - It works, Inkscape is now installed, Alan is now certified, Certification class Saturday for other folks
- Vinyl cutter setup (Agocs)
  - Still works! Agocs is interested in documenting the process of using it and starting certifications flowing
- Whiteboard (Erin/Dmitriy)
  - SnL whiteboards may change the existing Whiteboard Plan (4 36x48 whiteboards, 3 34.5x48, 2x 60x72, 1x 48x48, 1x 96x60)
  - Dmitriy will grab them and bring them to the space
- 3d Printers Work (Mason/Shawn)
  - 3 work! One has a non-heating bed, the other two function perfectly well
  - Salvage the rest of the boxes
- Molding/trim (Dmitriy)
  - Goal is to do so pre-Artemis
- Temporary Locker Solution (Agocs)
  - Stack of 8 lockers on casters next to the refrigerator; ratchet strapped until the glue cures and then able to be used as member storage

Potpourri
--------
- Back room workspace is still at a premium, so we should/will clear off ~half the Stage Bench
- Tim still exists!
