# ssh:Chicago Meeting Minutes for 2013-01-27 #

## Roll ##
Dmitriy V., Chris S., Jeff, John S., Lance C., Mason D., Ryan A., Vlada G.

## Correspondence ##

## Old Business ##
 * John S., Matt B., and the board met with Frank at Red Moon Theater 
   and discussed their artistic endeavors, their move to a larger space,
   approach to community involvement, and their desire for a parterships.
   Rent and utility pricing to be decided, likely with some sliding timescale,
   as they have a sliding rent price over several years. Move in date is uncertain,
   due to pending activities on Red Moons part. Dates vary between March and the
   end of the summer. Space configuration is flexible between 2000-5000 ft^2,
   with potential for shared access to Red Moon workshops. Frank is following
   up with the Red Moon board, and we are drafting a memorandum of understanding.
 * No updates on the garage space presently.
 * Mason D. reports that no further board members have gained access, however
   our finances are doing well.
 * Dmitriy V. hasn't made much progress with the VPS, need to take backups and revert.
 * Dmitriy V. has made progress on incorporating the membership definitions into
   the bylaws as well as adding termination, doing a tentative approval this meeting, 
   Karl R. will proof.
 * Chris S. is willing to act as our sysadmin, and Vlada G. is willing to
   provisionally fill the PR role. We should also consider defining a 
   'program manager' position.

## New Business ##
 * Dmitriy V. will add reports from the board and committees and standing
   committees to the bylaws.
 * Next meeting to be held Sunday at 3:00PM at Ryans apartment unless
   discussion goes otherwise.
