Meeting Agenda for 2016-09-21
==============================

Roll call
---------
* Erin
* Tom
* Sanjin
* Thomas
* Andrew
* Jeff
* Chris
* Chris
* Dan
* Jessica
* Mr Tang
* Brian
* Russel
* Joe

Agenda
------
- Treasurer
  - Attorney General filing
  - Insurance payment - paid
  - Sales tax exception - denied
    - Ping Phil to send the letter to board@
- Fire extinguisher inspection
  - Agocs is calling people for inspections.
- Member handbook
  - Dmitriy sent in a draft to the mailing list
  - Do we want to store this in wiki.sshchicago.org or Google Docs?
    - Possibility: Embed the document in the wiki
  - Dmitriy still to review Jessica's edits
  - Erin has also been working on formatting issues
  - A dynamic Table of Contents is a requirement
  - Make a single-page summary of the handbook (how to buzz yourself in, storage basics, keys, certification basics, safety)
- Elections - nominations open Sept 28
  - Elections are scheduled for October 12?


Events
------
- Maker Summit - Oct 25
  - Will be hosted in MAKE! Chicago space at Bubbly Dynamics
  - What do we want to do?
  - Dimitry has a list of questions from Joe for future review.

Projects
--------

- Buildout
  - Thomas cleaned out electronics workbench
- Laser Cutter
  - Working, still needs a some more repairs. Power supply is unsecured - don't shake the laser cutter!
- CNC Router
  - Thomas has started working on needed parts
- Mill
  - "slowly progressing as always"

Potpourri
---------
- Jessica has aloe.
- We're planting a sapling Agocs brought back from a mobile garden in Pennsylvania
- Dan - White House Makers Summit update
  - and has a slide show!
  - Dan "wore a nice shirt and some Gap pants"
  - Overview of talks, including discussion about grant application, important creations and projects
  - Ask Dan questions!
- Welding table should be finished this week
  - Andrew is going to weld things tomorrow!
