General Meeting Agenda 2016-01-27
=================================
Agenda
------
- Reminder that we are planning to keep focused discussion at the weekly meeting this week
- Dmitriy still working on a design for the laser cutter/3d printer work area, no progress this week
- Erin is also making self-directed efforts to design other workstations. She has a design she's been sharing on IRC.
- Jessica and Andrew and Christian and Swingler got Hack Scholar posters hung up in various places (Roosevelt, Depaul, IIT, Skylark)! We still need some more posters and volunteers to post at UofC and UIC
- We have already had 5 responses to Hack Scholars, wow! Thanks folks who helped hang flyers!
- Dmitriy sent off the AG forms today and paid $45 for them; will be reimbursed
- Agocs still needs to get more checks for us.
- After this paperwork goes through, we need to set a schedule of reminders of when to report what.
  - IRS 990-N By August
  - AG-990-IL By August
  - Annual report to IL SoS
- Lights were hung and electrical wiring continues
- Laser cutter PC has Windows 8.1 on it; everything was lost, so Phil is re-doing RetinaEngrave this weekend, hopefully
- TEM is still in the basement; Phil's still aware of it and working on selling it. May have a buyer for the chiller unit
- Agocs says "Amazon Smile is going"
- Birthday is in a little over a month: How do we want to celebrate?
- Tiny Block Party at CPL

Events
------
- Tea Party 2PM 1/30
  - Phil and Jessica will be bringing french press, electric kettle, disposable cups, some tea
  - BYOSnacks
- Artemis Again 6PM 2/5
- Movie Night 6PM 2/13: GalaxyQuest

Project Check-Ins
-----------------

- Air filter/dust collector/dust separator (Erin)
  - air filter is currently being glued
- Workbench (Erin)
  - Leaned up against the wall where it was last week
- CNC mill (Andrew)
  - Need to make a few parts for it; once made, most of it will be done
- Engraving machine (Andrew)
  - Sourcing the parts
- Laser cutter setup (Phil)
  - Waiting on Mason/whoever to get that PC happy again
- Vinyl cutter setup (Agocs)
  - Works under Windows! There's storage near it for Vinyl Rolls!
- Whiteboard (Erin/Dmitriy)
  - Leaned up against the wall where they were last week
- 3d Printers Work (Mason/Shawn)
  - 3 of the printers work! Excellent work, Shawn. Will be throwing OctoPrint on some kind of RasPi print server. RAMBo for the 4th has been ordered.
- Molding/trim (Dmitriy)
  - Sunday Sunday Sunday! Putting up trim, TRIM, TRIIIM!
- Temporary Locker Solution (Agocs)
  - Agocs is building a temporary/castered base for the lockers, and will hopefully finish tonight

Potpurri
--------
- AWS bill will be $12 higher this month, as we now own sshchicago.org (Thanks John Stoner for being its steward!)
- Multirotor Interest Group (MIG) will be placing an airplane part order (~$150-$200) with plans to have the core group do a test build and then later, host a group build
- There are designated "Quadcopter" and "Avionics" drawers near the Vinyl Cutter now, in preparation for this
- The Stage Workbench (in the workshop) will be relocated to the Main Area / get set up with the vinyl cutter/laser cutter/etc on it
- Agocs is curious where his telescope was relocated to, and if it was trashed, where the webcam/stepper motors/etc are
