General Meeting 2015-10-07
=======

Minutes
------

- Ryan's Hack Scholars advertising
  - Social media push time
  - Some physical push stuff
  - Jessica will push some stuff

- CPA and Taxes and Treasury
  - Eh, let's write it up and start it going
  - Dmitriy will draft an email, pass it to the board to at least make sure the facts of the case are reasonably accurate, and then we'll force it.

- Mouse Traps
  - The fun is catching, but the mice ain't
  - It may just be a mouse that exists in the building
  - Don't leave food out, in the meantime

- Nom-nom-nominations
  - PR is back. Back again. PR is back. Tell a friend.
  - 5 out of 6 Board Members say hells yeah.
  - Standing nominations:
    - President
      - Dmitriy V.
      - Phil S.
    - VP
      - Andrew E
      - Phil S.
    - Treasurer
      - Chris A
    - Secretary
      - Mason D
    - Member at Large
      - Ryan A
      - Andrew E
    - CTO
      - Chris S
    - PR
      - Jessica F.

- Electrical & Buildout
  - Shawn ran out of fittings
  - Conduit on the purple wall is built, we're going on doing some insulating with fiberglass (ugh) while we wait
  - Agocs tried to track down fiberglass but couldn't find it at the 18th st Home Depot, will try to track it down and some resilient channel
  - Today and Friday, Dmitriy and Mason will organize and clean some of the electronics stuff.

- Projector
  - Projector is ceiling-mounted, yay!
  - Ryan's stuff is coming
  - HDMI port on the projector
  - Tim may have paint to paint the wall perfectly white

- Cryptoparty
  - Saturday at CPL Harold Washington Library's Lab.

- Board Game Club
  - Saturday 10/24 1PM start time, drop in whenever

