March 18, 2015
--------------

Roll Call: Chris A, Mason, Shiraz, Zack, Matthew, Prateek, Andrew, Chris S, Ted, Max, Matt, Dmitriy, Phil, Jessica F


New Space/Recruitment
---------------------

  - Still pounding pavement, following leads

501c3
-----

  - We got it
  - Now let's get some grant effort going
  - Meet with some folks who know about grantwriting and then reevaluate our status

Website Face-lift
-----------------

  - Blog is pretty good

    blog entries
        foebrian *cryptoparty / movie reviews*
        agocs *projects*
        phil/andrew *cyclone collector
        dmitriy *all the construction, including the shelving and the workbench, also personal projects*
        blog entry about being 501c3 tax exempt now! woo!!! explain how it works ((Mason? Agocs? J?))
    theme work ((Dm))

Finances
--------

  - Possibly raising dues
    - Current $28/$50 isn't quite enough to keep the lights on with current membership
  - Roughly 4 full memberships away from solvency

Events
------

 - wine tasting
   - March 20, 7:30pm
 - North Side Mini Maker Faire is coming up in May.
   - Kinetic Sculpture ((Andrew/Phil))
   - Cheap bristle bot thing ((Jennifer))
   - "borrow" CPL's thing from last year - fractal laser cut (or vinyl cut) origami
   - Dust cannon demo ((Phil))
 
 - Ye Olde Workshoppe Plannings
   - Dan and Phil will work on applying their Arduino and workshop skills to improve and extend the already effective Digispark soldering tutorial, making a series of workshops out of it.
   - Get some cycling friends/businesses to put another workshop together?
   - Phil knows a retired professor that he may be able to rope in for some lectures. Maybe ask other teachers if they'd like to lecture
   - Video tour of the space with someone narrating and people popping in and out. Dan thinks that it will give strangers a better idea of who we are and what's in the space.
   - Multirotor Interest Group (MIG) will renew their efforts to start meetings and price out a group for some quadcopter fun. Get at Dan and/or Phil and/or Dmitriy to express interest.

Networking
----------
 - In the process of following up with CPS teacher about touring/workshop in mid/late April ((Fong))
 - Follow up with Palatine guy ((Agocs))
 - Follow up with Kim at Children's Museum Tinkering Lab / Email membership to develop workshops

Potpurri
--------
 - Drawing and Painting Nights Sunday nights for the forseeable future starting around 7pm
