Minutes for 2014-06-18
======================

Roll Call
---------

Mason, Jessica, Matt, Robert (new), Andrew, Pierre (new from Holland!), Dustin, Lynn, Sean, Brian, Dmitriy

Minutes
-------

- Air conditioning finally turned on
- Business Planning Workshop
  - Next session is tomorrow at PS:1
  - Guided tour of The Creative Entrepreneur
  - Pinging and ponging back and forth between PS:1 and SSH:C
  - Turnout is still good
  - Nooney is still cool
  - Book is at the library or can be shared with others
- CGIC workshop
  - Saturday. Saturday! SATURDAY!
- Buildout!
  - Windows are being sourced, finalized
  - Hoisting Lockers is still being planned
- Safety rules need to be created and enforced
  - Safety culture is important
  - Reinforcing "try not to work alone", especially "don't use power tools when no one is downstairs"
  - Understanding each member sets their own level of risk
  - Mentioned again that if any power tool has broken, or has dull blade, etc, we will fix it gratis because that stuff is unsafe
  - Also mentioned free disposable earplugs for all, and reusable safety glasses for all
- Cryptoparty!
  - Still happening July 12
  - Be there or be (insert clever crypto pun here)
- TA3M Recap/precap:
  - Explained what an IMSI catcher is
  - Talked about IMSIcure and our reasons for interest in it
  - Shout out to Freddy, man
- Treasury
  - $3700 currently
  - IGG rewards will probably be another $3-500
  - Lumber for hoisting ladders, actual windows that aren't tarps will also cost

- Board meeting Monday!


Potpourri
------------
Welcome Lynn and Elisa, two new members redeeming their IGG perk!

















Roll Call
---------

Ryan, Jessica, Matt, Swingler, Jen, Mason, Brian, Dustin, Andrew, Sean

Minutes
-------

- It smells good on the first floor.
- Business planning workshop
	- Good turnout
	- Nooney is cool
	- It's here tomorrow
- Offer from a teacher to do a demo for her class
	- LEGO archetecture studio kit
- Queries re just coming by
	- Floating back and forth
	- Jessica is hoping to reach out to more ppl school wise
- CGIC
- Workshop
	- 
- treasury
	- Thirty five hundo
	- Comcast may or may not honor their SLA
	- 
- Cryptoparty
	- Jul 12
	- Two hours
	- Talks
		- PGP: EvilJoel
		- Full Disk Encryption: Brian
- Lathe
	- We have a manual
	- Sean's uncle has one
	- He might let us have it on loan

- Technoactivism Mondays

Potpourri
---------
