Minutes for 2014-02-19
======================

Roll Call
---------
Mason, Brian (new guy), Dmitriy, Agocs, Jessica, Ryan

Minutes
-------

- Dmitriy does not have cookies, but Jessica does.

- IndieGogo Campaign
	- J has flushed out all the content in the campaign. Needs to add stuff about membership. 
	- J wants a budget so she can include in the IGG copy.
		- Sprinter van?
		- Tesla?
	- Perks
	- Photos for the campaign:
		- Nobody has a decent camera =(
		- Agocs does...
			- Will come down this weekend
		- Dmitriy take pictures tonight.
	- J needs to finish graphics stuff
	- Emailed inventables chick
		- Sexist language
	- Dmitriy does not know the definition of "question"
	- Brian talks about kickstarter
- Minors as Members
	- People agreed to pass the Agocs ammendment
		- sed "s/14/16/g"
	- Dima wants to delay it a little bit
		- Add hoops
		- spinners
		- underglow
	- Minors cannot serve on the board
	- Dima wants to add like a mentor provision
	- Mason does not find AA sexy
	- Dima: Is this going to be a board vote?
	- Board vote:
		- Yea: 4
		- Nay: 0
		- Not present: 1
- Soldering class
	- Mason has been busy
	- Dmitriy will contact CPL to see how many wood burning irons they have
	- Limit class to 20 ppl
	- Rough budget of $300
		- More regulated soldering irons?
		- Should include
			- Solder
			- Wick
			- Kits
		- We should sell the soldering kits to the ppl afterward
	- Mason: Plz find appropriate tutorial. You have a month
- Treasurer update
	- We are doing decently finance-wise
	- Beginnings of a nest egg?
	- Mason must have Words with Comcrappppppp for how they have billed us. 
		- Mason must bitch at Fe or her boss

Potpourri
---------

- Agocs update
	- I visited Catalyze Chicago which is a hardware start up on Lake, 3 wks old, just opened Monday
	-Josh Billions
	-3 guys in 3 wks, built out workstations and tables, lathe, mill, plan to have full time machinist on staff for start up machinery, ~college fab lab
	-hackerspace = resource?
	-partner & teach classes here or there or both! :D
	-planning intro to machining




