# Meeting Minutes for Wednesday, March 27, 2013

## Roll ##
Matt C., Ryan A., Jessica S., Rick B., John S., Mason D., Lance C., Dmitriy V. (remote)

## Correspondence: ##
* Red Moon update: No news yet.  One more meeting this week for the decision about our space at Red Moon.  Decision could come by Friday and outlook is positive.
* Red Moon has been having more internet issues, may be more open to cooperative install.
* Possibility of grants to fund internet build out.
* Rick proposes committee on build out of space and volunteers to lead it. Rick to report to Matt C. and Dmitriy on progress of committee.
* Action Items: Rick B.-restart build out committee email thread and contact possible committee members.

## Reports: ##
* Treasurer: Accounts unchanged, still around $1500 in bank account.  No corporate card received yet.  Mason emailed the insurer for PS1, no response yet.  
* IT Chair: Chris is absent, but Dmitriy reports that he was working on how to give people access to the Wiki and how to let people change their own passwords. 
* Action Items: Mason- Contact bank to check on status of corporate card.  Dmitriy- Contact Chris to check on status of implementing changes to Wiki.

## Old Business: ##
* Dmitriy and Matt attended Noobs class at PS1 this past weekend.  PS1 highly recommends holding one of these classes semi-regularly once we open our space to acquaint new and prospective members with the culture, procedures and bylaws of SSH. 
* Tips from PS1 at Noobs class: Play up professional networking opportunity of joining space.   7 days out is ideal time to announce a free, small class.  Discounts on classes for full members.  Have as many free classes as possible.  If someone leads a class and charges above cost, PS1 gets a cut.   

## New Business: ##
* About Zoho: Can be used for member management without too many changes, as opposed to other more sales centered CRMs.  Can link to social media.  Has bulk upload and manipulation tools.  Can be used to catalog member data, including contact information, certifications and interests.  Can integrate web forms for membership paperwork.  Can sync with Google calendar.
* Cost of Zoho: We are on the free tier right now, in which we may have three accounts and some limited functionality. The next tier is $12 per user per month.  There is a discount offered for non-profits, although we are unsure of exact amount.
* We will plan on using this system for the time being unless someone can recommend something they feel would be better suited.  CiviCRM has been discussed as a more member centric option, however, this system is self hosted which raises some security concerns and requires more in depth work to set up.
* Action Items: Lance and Rick- May know someone with CiviCRM experience and will try to get more information on this system and the possibility of companies that would host our CiviCRM.

