# ssh:Chicago Meeting Minutes for 2012-05-09 #

## Roll ##
Adam E., Bobby Z., Celeste W.(remote), Dmitriy V., John S., Joy B.(remote), Lance C.,
Matt C., Roman K.(remote), Tim R.

## Correspondence ##
 * Bobby Z. is talking to the person who wants to fund a West Loop hackerspace on Friday.
 * Matt C. will follow up with Jackie from LevelUp.

## Old Business ##
 * Updates on tutorials
   - We should talk to the lockpicking guys about setting up a class.
   - Several people could talk to Blue City about a bicycle maintainance tutorial.
   - Bobby Z. will talk to people at Iron Street Farms about doing a gardening workshop.
     Hydroponics could be a particularly interesting topic.
 * Dmitriy V. put an outline of revised bylaws on Google Docs, expect a more final
   revision next meeting.
 * Dmitriy V. now has root on the VPS, will talk to interested individuals offline.
 * Joy B. reports that we have a table and a parade spot, as well as a printed flag,
   which still needs sewing work.
 * Mason D. put the PowerWheels into the IEEE office, Matt will retrieve it.
   It also needs new rear wheels.
   - We should probably buy a second car as well, for redundancy.
 * Matt C. will start a thread about the Memorial Day weekend party.
 * What projects did we work on over the last week?
   - Dmitriy V. is planting tomatoes, bell peppers, and assorted other plants.
   - Tim R. is gardening on the 8x8 plot his work provides him.
     Currently started cabbage, tomatoes and cucumbers still to come.
   - John S. planted basil, leeks and mushrooms.

## New Business ##
 * Business cards are done and look awesome!
 * The former private club at 30th and Wentworth bears investigation. Adam E. or Lance C. will follow up.
