# ssh:chicago Meeting Minutes for 2012-08-29 #

## Roll ##
Bobby Z., John S., Lance C., Matt C., Vlada G.

## Correspondence ##
 * Matt C. and Bobby Z. are waiting for emails from ToooL.

## Old Business ##
 * Update on tutorials.
   - Bobby Z. is setting up a tutorial on 3D scanning.
 * Lance C. has yet to create bylaws documents, these should probably also go on the wiki.
 * Update on banking, Mason D.
   - Matt C. has codes for online access.
   - The other board members have yet to sign the forms.
 * PS:1 suggest a meeting with particular members rather then a business meeting, John S.
   will arrange this week.
 * Dmitriy V. installed MoinMoin in "wiki-farm" mode. It's ready for testing, so please play around.
   Zach C. installed OpenLDAP, still working out some problems with account creation. Mason D. was
   also playing with MediaWiki, which can do LDAP. We should also get the blog onto LDAP. These things
   really need to be documented, use git or the old wiki for the moment.
 * No major update on the blag from Nicolette K. Dmitriy V. points out that WordPress has both pages
   and blog posts, we should use the former to replace the current landing page.
 * At present it seems John S. is the only one who would be able to attend Parking Day. We could
   also collaborate with another organization if only a few of us could attend. John S. is posting on
   The Chain Link.
 * Matt C. is moving away from the South Side.
 * What did we do last week?
   - Matt C. managed to produce a circular call forwarding loop between his phone lines.
   - Lance C. has been working on getting a big RAID array setup, done some preliminary benchmarks.
   - Bobby Z. has been helping out The Plant and Pleasant House with gardening, and also helped put
     together a computer lab at an art space.
   - John S. is on a new contract, with some cool technologies.
   - Dmitriy V. has been eating the vegetables from his garden.

## New Business ##
 * Bobby Z. reports that on 2012-09-15 Accelerate 77 is taking place, which is a gathering of Chicago
   neighborhood organizations.
