Minutes for 2014-02-12
======================

Roll Call
---------
Matt, Dustin, Rattard, Mason, Agocs, Manny, Bryce(new guy), Dmitriy, Tim

Minutes
-------

- Wiki Logins
	- Chastize Swingler

- Buildout
	- Almost done
	- Dustin not feeling particularly ambitious
	- Maybe a few hours this weekend?
	- Once we finish the loft, we should pretty up the space
		- Mud
		- Priming
		- Finish up the lockers

- Maker Summit
	- Neat stuff
	- Party Next Week
	- CPL visits us march 22
	- Dima sent them a wavier
	- Dima will purchase things for their event, they will reemburse us
	- We should plan what we want to do, purchase the material, put together a hackerspace deck
	- Volunteers
		- Mason
		- Phebe
		- Agocs
- Budget update
	- Six fiddy in account
	- 120 in Paypal
	- That is almost our monthly rent
	- Loft lumber effed us in the a
	- Flammables cabinet next
		- If you work at a flammables cabinet factory, hook us up.

- Minors as members
	- As it stands, our bylaws say 18 and over
	- It does not matter from an insurance standpoint
	- Eric Stein: PS1 does not have minors
		- Minors are not disclaimable under Illinois law
	- What do we want to do??????
		- Jessica wants a separare wavier for minors
			- "Look, this shit is actually dangerous."
		- Mason: Parents have to visit the space to sign the wavier
		- Tim: High school students are probably ok. Case by case?
		- Manny: Inital reaction no. High barrier to entry?
		- Dima: Kick people out
		- Matt: At maker faires, parents are interested in us, eventually realize that we are not a daycare.
		- Rattard: Barrier does not have to be high, but there should be some kind of barrier.
		- Matt/Tim/Ryan/Dustin: 16 sounds reasonable
		- Manny: Paragraph write up to ensure kid is interested
		- Dustin: We need to ensure there is another body in the space when minors are here.
			- Matt: Sponsorship / Vouching
		- Dima: Current bylaws say membership decision is up to at least two board members
		- John Stoner: How does this relate to running youth programs?
		- Agocs: Probably insofar as a youth member would have 24 hour access to the space, while a minor at a youth program would necessarially be supervised.

Potpourri
---------

- Matt: Reminder: Green tools are on loan from a member. Take care of them and put them away when you are done.
	- Dustin apologizes
- Dima: Sunday: Dumbass of the week and good Samaritan of the week
	- Dumbass: Whoever installed the sheet of drywall in the tool room
		- It was meeeee!
	- Good Samaritan: Dustin, for leading the loft construction. YAAY DUSTIN
- Agocs cannot spell.
