Minutes for 2014-01-29
======================

Roll Call
---------

Agocs, Matt C., Tim, Ryan A., Dmitriy V., Chris S., Mason D., Jessica F., Zach D.(new guy), Mike (new guy)

Minutes
-------

Why does Tim hate America?

PR Update:

- Now we have Zoho! Yaaay!
- J has emailed all prospects -- neeed to work on Z. kickback msg
- Events? Birthday celebration? Things w/ Inventables and Facebook? Indiegogo?
- Wiki FAQ - Stuff that Dima and J talked about. Put it on the Wiki? Put it on the website? Both?
	- Place for ppl to answer question for themselves
	- w/ events coming up, it is important we have consistent communication

Technology update:

- Laser cutter 
	- Turns on, need to get RetinaEngrave up

Treasurer Update:

- Zoho $$$$$
- Crazy amount of lumber $$$$$
	- Wish we had known it was $500
- Next big purchase - Flammables cabinet

Vice President Update:

- Buildout
	- Talked to Rick -- reenforcement things need to happen before we put the loft up
	- Dustin will be available starting next month.
	- Maybe finish loft in February???
	- Dustin will lead build.
	- Put up pegboard over false wall in tool room.
	- Put some material to dampen sound between build room and non-build-room.

- Bylaws
	- Dima went thru bilaws per jessicas request to add Sidekick
	- Highlight things for voting, move voting into its own section
	- How do we define Quorum
	- Proxy, etc.
	- If you have any input, chat w/ Dima

- CPL Work
	- Looking to do event w/ us in march.
		- Pay for advertising
		- They will fund event?
		- We have to come up with a worthwile workshop
			- Avg public will be interested in attending
		- They want to get ppl into hackerspaces in the city
		- Tie in w/ PS1?
	- If you have ideas, shout it out!
	- Timeline of events
		- Dima has to sit down and talk with Someone and Sasha
		- Dima invited to hackerspace gathering, next Weds after work
			- Agocs to go too?
		- After that, we will brainstorm events w/ CPL ppl and Toba

- Actual Calendar???
	- FAQ PAge - Feb 5
	- Draft verbage for IGG campaign - Feb 10
	- Meet w/ Chi Reader Lady Feb 12
	- Graphic Proofs - Feb 16
	- Graphics Solidified - Feb 20
	- Buildout done Feb 28
	- Inventables Page - Feb 18
		- Some kind of Inventables sponsored blog?
	- Indiegogo Launch - 
		- T shirts - two weeks
		- Stickers - a week
		- Buttons - a week 
	- Birthday - March 7
	- Launch IGG - March 7
	- DOLLA DOLLA BILLS - Apr 14

Potpourri
---------

- Swingler will be bringing in a cool KVM and PDU
- Jessica -- Does anyone have any graphics ideas / interested in doing any graphics work?
	- Dima: "Southside _______Space" shirt/sticker/button
	- Otherwise Jessica and Dima will design everything
