Minutes for 2014-03-05
======================

Roll Call
---------
Mason, Dustin, Lynn, Chris, Jessica Dmitriy, Brian, Manny, Ryan

Minutes
-------

- Party
	- Must RSVP (lol no)
	- Cake
	- Soda
- Party
	- 

- Jessica Update
	- Couple of new prospects
	- Some people coming to swing by
	- Captcha may be working now!
	- Zoho working well
		- Bulk emails!
	- Facebook views!
	- More reminder emails!!
	- Any more input?
		- What we should do?
		- Decorations?
		
- Dustin
	- Loft
	- Lofty
	- Stairs or a ladder coming soon!
		- Removable ladder in front of loft space
	- Lynn - What about bulky items?
		- Largely a null point.
		- Block & Tackle pully if needed
	- Drywall
		- Start putting up in metal shop
		- Maintain access to electrical outlets
- Mason
	- Picked up a Sidekick member!
	- Couple of drop-ins
		- Invited to meetings and parties
	- Cupcake almost working
	- Reprap repping rap
	- Laser cutter focused
		- Cuts
		- Produces chlorine glass
	- $300 buffer
		- May or may not exist if Comcast continues to Comcast
		- Brian has another Comcast rep
			- Worth a damn?
	- Bought two fire extinguishers and eyewash station
		- Flashy little signs!

Potpourri
---------

- Lynn wants to make a lot of noise re: shared membership and shared resources
	- Dmitriy: SSHC went to PS1 when we started up
		- SSHC -- PS1 Chapter?
		- PS1 says no, SSHC should be SSHC
		- PS1 does not have strength to suppor a chapter
		- Works best for SSHC to be independent
	- Chris: Indiegogo Campaign launching
		- Jessica: Saturday
	- Lynn: We should bug PS1 members when we launch it
	- Mason: When Noisebridge was about to shut down, they got some monetary help from the membership at large
	- Dmitriy: What kind of pushing would be helpful?
		- Chris: Put the IGG campaign on the PS1 list
	- Lynn: Would like to advertise IGG campaign to FB group w/ 200 artists
	- Dmitriy: airs on the side of conservatism
		- Wants people to use space
		- Wants people to _own_ space
	- Dustin
		- Acre Labs upstairs has workshops for artists, etc.
	- Dmitryi - We need classes
	- Lynn: I can teach art classes
