# ssh:Chicago Meeting Minutes for 2012-04-18 #

## Roll ##
Andy K, Brian W.(remote), Celeste W.(remote), Dmitriy V., John C., John S., Joy B.(remote),
Lance C., Mason D., Matt C., Ryan A., Tim R., Ben N.

## Correspondence ##
 * Lance C. has no update on Stagecraft Players.
 * Dmitriy V. talked to a lot of people at TEDxIIT, a number of mailing list additions, and some flyers.
   Also some interest from one of the speakers, Tom Tresser. Talked to a PS:1 member at their party who is making a video on hackerspaces.
   Additionally, there is a Reddit party in Darien IL next weekend, Dmitriy V. and Joy B. will be driving.
 * Ben N. talked to a Benton House instructor who does various sorts of electronics and sound work.

## Old Business ##
 * We are meeting at Benton House this week and subsequently.
 * We have a table at the North Side Maker Faire, 21st of April. Networking event on Friday from 3-9 for booth holders.
   It's located at Milwaukee and Addison. Attending are Matt C., John C., John S., Dmitriy V. John S., and Tim R. John C. will bring his
   unfinished RepRap, Matt C. will bring soldering equipment, and Joy B. will bring antiquated PDA's.
 * T-shirts are being printed 5 blocks from here right now, should be ready by Friday. Pay Dmitriy V. to receive one.
   In the future these should be much cheaper since we will not pay rush processing or screen preparation fees.
 * Updates on tutorials
   - Lance C. is willing to run Ruby tutorials
   - Lance C. has not progressed on the bike repair tutorial. However there is significant interest from membership.
     Mason D. and John C. are also able to help. This will take a fair amount of supplies and preparation, so is likely to be more of a one shot.
     Marketing this effectively is desirable, as it could generate significant turnout.
   - After the soldering tutorial, Joe Luciani is willing to let us use their equipment for material cost. Would be interested in hosting us
     for further tutorials, such as model preparation for 3D printing.
 * Mission statement is shaping up well, but requires further work. Further discussion and revision is left open until we need to submit for 501c.
 * Bylaws are adopted on a provisionary basis. Modifications may be made without a vote of the membership, provided general consent is
   subsequently obtained at a general meeting.
 * Discussion of the path to becoming official, Dmitriy V.
   - We've been doing a lot of things, but perhaps not on the critical path.
   - Should we be focusing on incorporation next?
     * It can take quite a while to get ones own non-profit status.
     * The School Factory can help us speed this process.
     * We'll need a board of directors, which may need to be a minimum size. These are the responsible individuals of record for the organization.
       These individuals will also need equal and unrestricted financial access.
     * We will need insurance, otherwise the board is directly liable.
     * Grants are best avoided, as the enhanced liablity is not worth it. We're goign to need a lot of our own money initially.
     * There are non-profit organization types other then 501c which are worth considering.
 * Nominations are open for the Board of Directors as of now. Elections are to be held next meeting. 
   Open positions are the following, further discussion on needed positions or their descriptions may be conducted on the mailing list:
   - President
   - Vice-President
   - Secretary
   - Treasurer
 * Do we need a constitution?
   - It would be used in concert with the bylaws in an incorporation document.

## New Business ##
 * We need a dedicated PR person. Dmitriy V. reached out to Karl R., who is interested after he finishes up with school.
 * None of us appear to be doing anything, which is sad. Fix it, do something, for example with Joy B.'s PDA's.
   Mason D. has a Xilinix Spartan 2 board that he's not doing anything with. Matt C. is making water Kefir, which is cool.
 * We should have a party of some kind to facilitate group bonding and general fun. Matt C. would be interested
   in hosting something, as his place is a good meeting place.
