# June 4 2014 SSH:C Weekly Meeting

## Roll
    * Matt C, Jessica F, Dmitriy V, Brian K, Mason D, Tim R, Chris S,  Dexter, Yuta, Dashi,  Chris, Mike, Shaun, Andrew

## Old Business 
### PS1 Meeting about shared membership
    * Delayed until PS1 is ready
    * SSH:C will file for 501c3 in the meantime
### Silkstart / CRM / Membership Management
    * Try and find a better way to implement membership payment
### Buildout
    * Agocs, DimaV, Dustin emailing
    * Finish windows, lockers, sound/dustproofing
        * Sugarglass suggested by Shaun  
### Bylaws
    * Dmitriy in charge
        * Revise bylaws to be ready for 501c3 and elections
### Upcoming Events
    * Girls in Computing Arduino 6/21
        * Agocs heading, others helping
    * Business Planning Workshop
        * PS1 tomorrow, alternating weeks for 12 weeks on Thursdays
        * Event on Facebook
        * Based on "Creative Entrepreneur", aimed at creative types to turn ideas into business ready plans
    * Cryptoparty
        * July 12th
    * Soldering Tutorial 
        * Sometime in August
    * General Arudino Programming
        * Sometime after GiC Workshop
### Resigning Lease
    * Will be done. 
    * Try and get more keycards/better defined access times
### Southside MiniMakerFaire
    * August ?
    * Will be signed up by Agocs by June 6th
### Elections
    * Will be held when bylaws are completed
    * Will be sometime in July.

## New Business
    * Chris emailed Localhost Solutions about fixing the firewall rule.
    * Mason says we need to buy a monitor or two for the space. Freegeek could work. With VESA mounts.
## Potpourri 
    * We don't want to buy broken things unless someone is volunteering to fix it. 
