General Meeting Agenda 2016-01-27
=================================

Agenda
------

- Reminder that we are planning to keep focused discussion at the weekly meeting this week
- Dmitriy still working on a design for the laser cutter/3d printer work area, no progress this week
- Erin is also making self-directed efforts to design other workstations. She has a design she's been sharing on IRC.
- Jessica and Andrew and Christian and Swingler got Hack Scholar posters hung up in various places (Roosevelt, Depaul, IIT, Skylark)! We still need some more posters and volunteers to post at UofC and UIC
- We have already had 5 responses to Hack Scholars, wow! Thanks folks who helped hang flyers!
- Dmitriy sent off the AG forms today and paid $45 for them; will be reimbursed
- Agocs still needs to get more checks for us.
- After this paperwork goes through, we need to set a schedule of reminders of when to report what.
  - IRS 990-N By August
  - AG-990-IL By August
  - Annual report to IL SoS
- Lights were hung and electrical wiring continues
- Laser cutter PC has Windows 8.1 on it; everything was lost, so Phil is re-doing RetinaEngrave this weekend, hopefully
- TEM is still in the basement; Phil's still aware of it and working on selling it. May have a buyer for the chiller unit
- Tidy Space Policy: a bunch of tags fell off; a bunch of stuff was thrown out; more still to come
- Ask Agocs how Amazon Smile is going
- Birthday is in a little over a month: How do we want to celebrate?
- Tiny Block Party at CPL

Events
- Tea Party 2PM 1/30
  - Phil and Jessica will be bringing french press, electric kettle, disposable cups, some tea
  - BYOSnacks
- Artemis Again 6PM 2/5
- Movie Night 6PM 2/13: GalaxyQuest

Project Check-Ins
- Air filter/dust collector/dust separator (Erin)
- Workbench (Erin)
- CNC mill (Andrew)
- Engraving machine (Andrew)
- Laser cutter setup (Phil)
- Vinyl cutter setup (Agocs)
- Whiteboard (Erin/Dmitriy)
- 3d Printers Work (Mason/Shawn)
- Molding/trim (Dmitriy)
