# Roll Call
**In Person:** Erin S, Erik, Dmitriy, Mark, Andrew, Ziggo, Xcavier
**Guests:** Steve, Kyle 
**Online?:** Russell, Jeff
# Public Relations (Mark C)
  - SSHC Gallery Night Friday the 18th, 7-10pm!
    - Fun! there was probably cheese
  - The next morning... Planetarium Visit to talk about the Three Body Problem, 
    - was neat!
# Treasurer (Dmitriy V)
- 3 grandishness for monies!
  - have bad ideas!
- fluke stuff is coming in slowly
  - most likely not getting the meter
# Area Reports
## Front Room (Dmitriy V)
- should declutter more
  - in June, or whatever
## Rapid Prototyping (Phill S)
- printers work... for now...
  - even the resin printer!
## Back Room / Woodshop (Dmitriy V and Chris W)
- Dust collection project "ongoing"
  - in that it's not finished
## Back Yard (Jeff C)
- Sleeping until NEXT spring
- should be getting some stuff from John
# Meetings, Events and Interest Groups

## Books Interest Group (Becca W)
  - suggest a book!
  
## HAM test prep
- Thursdays at seven!
  - hangouts link incoming
  - Email Phill!
# Maintenance Log
- Review/update log on whiteboard
# Motions and Voting?

# Potpourri
- We need to start a twitter beef with Red Raccoon Games
- COMPRESSORCHAT
