# Roll Call

**In Person:**  Erin S, Dima V, Tim M, Victor E, Tyler T

**Guests:** Alfredo, Rubin

**Online:** Adam, Dumpster Fire, Erik

# Status Reports

- Treasurer (Dmitriy V)
  - Just over $5,000 available for proposals
  - Next financial update 10/1 (Saturday)
- Public Relations (Tim M)
  - Got a lot of donations and need to go through them
- Front Room (Dmitriy V)
  - It's a mess again due to donations
- RPA (Phill S)
  - Also a mess
- Back Room (Dmitriy V)
  - No updates
- Back Yard (Jeff C)
  - On fire (contained parts of it)
  - No idea what neighbor is up to right now, probably not doing anything until spring
  - need to whack some weeds
# Meetings, Events and Interest Groups
- Hackerspace Clean-up Days 
  - next clean-up... now??
  - Mayber after/before block party on Saturday
- Third Friday Art Night!
  - October 21
  - Now hosted by Victor!
- Tool library block party!
  - Oct 1st
  - outdoors!
- Open House Chicago!
  - Oct 15th, 16th!
- Books Interest Group (Becca W)
  - October 8th
  - The Genesis Machine by Amy Webb
# Maintenance Log
- Review/update log on whiteboard
# Motions and Voting
- Resin outdoor storage shed proposal $600(?)
  - Postponed until next week
- Elections (10/12)
  - Nominations now open
# Potpourri
- Dealing with the large donation
  - Serval FDM and resin printesr donated
  - Tim suggests a second tier to the second table in the RPA
  - Should the TronXY be retired (considering we have more printers)?
  - Chop up the the laser printer table?
  - Aiming to make room for casting equiment donated
- Replacement lockers
  - Shoring up the lockers we have for now
  - Proposal for proper, lockable, uniform lockers in the near future
- Electronics bench
  - Also needs to be rebuilt
  - For now it will just be lightened to be less of a hazard  
