# ssh:Chicago Meeting Minutes for 2013-03-06 #

## Roll ##
Bobby Z., Dmitry V., John S., Lance C., Mason D., Matt C., Ryan A.

## Correspondence ##
 * Internet access at the new Red Moon space is problematic, solutions
   are being discussed on the mailing list.
 * Bobby Z. talked to the Chicago Architecture Society, people at IIT
   Institute of Design, and a women interested in doing workshops.
 * We have a contact at XL Insurance who's looking into what might fit us.
 * Update on Red Moon memorandum.

## Reports ##
Treasurer Report
: Mason D. reports we have $1350 in PayPal, and have settled on a date to
   take care of banking.
IT Chair Report
: Chris S. reports that the wiki is back up, LDAP is stil a work in progress.
  We need some key wiki pages, content is unlikely to be an issue, lots of
  work in progress.
Secretary Report
: Jessica Schefield is willing to act as acting secretary.
  We've also moved our agenda format to include officer reports.

## Old Business ##
 * The membership agreement is largely finalized, initial pricing structure and
   a few other details remain. Tabled until a pricing structure is finalized,
   presently assume everyone subscribed to PayPal is an active member.
 * Amendments to Section 3 Users and Members, articles b.i.1.b and e.ii per
   Google Docs passed unanimously.

## New Business ##
 * Amendments to Section 3, articles b.i.2 and b.i.3
   per Google Docs passed unanimously.
 * Amendment to Section 6, articles g per Google Docs passed unanimously.
 * Jonh S. introduced an amendment to to the bylaws regarding voting in
   proxy and absentia per mailing list, tabled for editing and
   further discussion.
