# ssh:Chicago Meeting Minutes for 2012-05-23 #

## Roll ##
Bobby Z., Adam E., Matt C., John S., Zach Caplan

## Correspondence ##
 * Bobby Z. reports that Fab Lab is open to the public Wednesdays and
   Thursdays (starting at 10:30 AM?). He also mentioned he could get ssh:c
   members in for free.

## Old Business ##
 * Nobody present had anything to report on old business.

## New Business ##
 * As you know, we met at the Inventables office tonight with Zach Caplan
   for our weekly ssh:c meeting. Inventables has a vision - To put a
   fabrication system at every desktop (perhaps not the exact wording but
   close enough). They are trying to share this vision with the world, and
   have interesting methods of driving enthusiasm. One recent marketing ploy
   is their Acrylic Sample Kit, which they would like to send to prospective
   corporate customers. Zach Caplan requested that if you know any companies
   interested/involved in fabrication to forward their information along to
   him.
 * In addition to discussing the possibility of ssh:c members being trained
   on tool/machine usage, the idea of ssh:c members hosting workshops at
   Inventables was also mentioned. In order to forward this train of thought,
   Zach Caplan has offered to give us a relatively-free private training
   session (making clocks!) on laser cutters, which we have scheduled for this
   6:00 PM this upcoming Monday (2012.05.28) at Inventables. You will have to
   purchase sheet acrylic and at least a clock motor for this mini-workshop.
 * For a $20 Inventables coupon, send an e-mail to Zach Caplan or any of the
   ssh:c members in attendance tonight for an account invite + the coupon.
 * Although we did not discuss this in detail, at least Matt C. and myself
   (Adam E.) are becoming increasingly disappointed with the tardiness of
   attendees. If moving the meeting time would help, please bring this up
   during old business so we can make some progress on this front.
