# Agenda for Administrative Meeting Wednesday, April 17, 2013

## Roll ##
Rick Bak, Matt C., Mike S., Chris S., John S., Ryan A., Dmitriy V.,Jessica S., 
## Correspondence ##
* Red Moon Update
	* Phone meeting Tomorrow with Red Moon with Frank, Matt Braun, the operations manager, and their facilities manager.

## Reports ##
* Treasurer Report
	* Mason his absent. 
* IT Chair Report
	* Nothing to report.
	* IRC bots have been tested.

## Old Business ##
* Insurance Update
	* Steve Farkus didn't reply to our email.
* Discussion of project ideas for Maker Fair
	* Registering and make sure someone picks up registration
	* Matt C. will be in charge of registration and pickup
	* Deadline is Tuesday, April 23.
	* Maker Faire is May 18.
* Update from Rick B. on Civic Lab Mobile App
	* No serious 
* Possible update from Buildout Committee (if they were able to meet during the past week)
	*Met First time
	* Discussed further ideas proposed by group
	* Old potential space had buyer,
	* Funding:
		* Try and get money from membership
		* Grants from foundations, etc.
	* Define:
		* Mission statements
		* Arguments for larger scale project
		* Corporate status, not currently 501C3, should continue to pursue, John says it is pending. 
	* Fundraising committee
		* Discuss possible sources of revenue
		* Further discussion in New Buisness or  
	* Adjacencny Plan 
		* Discussed different aspects of the space and general 
	* Plane is going to built while it flies
		* We need to be hacking now.
	* As Redmoon access/planning starts, need to know critical requirements from building:
		* Drainage
		* 	
		* Water
			* Potable water
		* Gas 
			* Allows for climate control
			* Forging, etc.
		* Power
			* Three phase, as much as possible. 
		* etc.
		
	* Matt would like some sort of more specific avenues listed with what repurcussions would happen with different resources made available to us by Redmoon
	* Discussion:
		* Redmoon may help us with grant writing, or possibly at least direct us somewhat
		* Indiegogo may be a revenue possibility
		* Possibly do a physical fundraiser
				
		* Bring Indiegogo into Maker Faire 
			* Mason has that paypal square thing
## New Business ##
* To be tabled if not concludable in 2 minutes or less

