# ssh:Chicago Meeting Minutes for 2012-05-30 #

## Roll ##
Adam E., Bobby Z., Dmitriy V., Lance C., Mason D., Vlada G.

## Correspondence ##

## Old Business ##
 * Updates on tutorials
   - Bobby Z. went to Iron Street Farms, which is pretty awesome.
     Grow mushrooms, do aquaponics, produce compost ($4/lb), beehives, and pretty much anything
     else. They also  even have a bike workshop. They have volunteer hours Thursday from 1-4, and
     Saturday all day. They don't yet have workshops, but would like to start. He will visit again,
     and look into workshops further.
   - Laser cutter training at Inventables was sweet, a few people showed up and made stuff.
 * Dmitriy V. has no update on bylaws at this time, will publish write access to the Google Group.
 * Dmitriy V. reports that the VPS is up and running.
   Both URLS now point to it, and the website now contains more information about how to contact us.
   We also now have a WordPress blog, send Dmitriy V. your email and desired username for access.
 * Mason D. has obtained 20" bike wheels for the PowerWheels, open questions are power and frame.
   Currently considering chain drive to a freewheel from two elecric motors.
   We will begin having design meetings for this in June. Tentatively having the first one 2012-06-08.
 * The Memorial Day party went well.
 * Adam E. left a voicemail for the owners of the 30th St. private club. Will continue contacting,
   and get pictures if possible.
 * To ensure that our meetings start in a timely manner, all meetings will start by 7:15 at the latest
   if 5 people are present, and not at all otherwise.
 * What projects did we work on over the last week?
   - Mason D. is neck deep in USB to serial madness.
   - Adam E. and Dmitriy V. are continuing to garden.
   - Dmitriy V. is reworking one of our flags.

## New Business ##
 * Adam E. reports his employer may be interested in subletting rackspace at a Chicago area colo.
 * May is about to be done, June is coming, let's get stuff done!
 * Workshops should be scheduled at least two weeks in advance.
