# ssh:Chicago Meeting Minutes for 2012-07-25 #

## Roll ##
Adam E., John S., Lance C., Mason D., Matt C., Zach C.

## Correspondence ##
 * No update on ToooL from Matt C.
 
## Old Business ##
 * Update on tutorials
   - We have a poster mockup and a date of 2012-08-09 7:00PM to 9:00PM the 
     for the Nerf modding tutorial. We should also set up an EventBrite event.
     We can use ticketing to allow people to purchase guns through us.
 * No update on bylaws.
 * Mason D. reports that we are now a corporation.
   - Now we need to establish a bank account.
   - Everyone should bring $40 to the 2012-08-08 meeting so that we can
     fund the account. Provisionally this will be the monthly dues.
 * No update on newsletter from Vlada G.
 * No update on allycat races from Dmitriy V.
   - This might be good for early fall?
 * Update on preparations for Evanston Makers Faire:
   - Matt C. still does not have a concrete answer as to whether we have a table.
   - We have an upgraded supply of buttons, as well as some official propaganda.
     We will be distributing the latter around.
 * What did we do last week?
   - Matt C.'s kampucha died, a lesson on SPOF's for us all.
   - Mason D. went to Cermak Market, and will make alcoholic ginger beer.
   - John C. broke the hot end of the extruder on his RepRap, still working on a fix.

## New Business ##
 * Jordan Bunker at PS:1 suggested that we should have one of our meetings there,
   and solicit advice on what they could do to help us. Consensus that the second
   half of August would work.
