
## Roll Call
=========
- Andrew, Ziggo, Dmitriy, Jeff, Shawn, Tim, Ben
  
## Officer Reports
===============
- Treasurer
  - Email sent to NEBP representitve
- Public Relations
  - Rae posted a game night post, go and like it!
- Members
  - We have the most members we have ever had!!
- Member at Large
  - Discussion happened with Matt. He says he hasn't been smoking except by dock, but seems chill and aware that it bothers folks.
- Backyard
  - It's winter
- RPA
  - Surger now works
  - The artillerys work
  - Filament sensor isn't working in one printer, may need a new sensor/switch
    - https://flashforge-usa.com/collections/guider-2-parts-accessories/products/guider-2-filament-sensor
- Back room
  - Planer is still out of comission. Erin may need to reassemble.
- Front room
  - Mouse trap is reset
## Open Items
==========
- Dmitriy got sample of asset tags. Going to start experimenting with them.
  - Let's keep phase 1 simple, so people aren't scared, want to tag things, and know how to check things out
- Fiber gigabit connection between upstairs and downstairs is now functional.
- Electrical work happening soon. Breakers have been purchased for server things. ~$2000 budget max to get everything in place.

## Potpourri
==================
- No meeting tomorrow
- soda machine is restocked, soda will now cost 75 cents unfortunately.
- Shawn is sure that he can get the license for the vending machine.
- Shawn making proposal for getting a Pi 5 for vending machine. Lets use it to advertise SSH, our events, maybe our members, or showcase things!
