##Roll Call
=========
- Ben, Andrew, Adam, Erin, Dmitry, Sean (online), Rae (online), Erik (online), Ziggo, Tim, Jeff


##Status Reports
- Treasurer (Dmitriy V)
  - $6338.78 for proposals
- Public Relations (Ziggo)
  - Yunji (potential new member) came by to look at the space.
- Front Room (Ben)
  - The pumpkin is empty =(
  - constantly check mouse traps
  - mouse trap will be under vinyl cutter. do not place on desk. Let's buy a new one for the space!
- RPA (Phill S)
  - Andrew is going to give Dmitry a list of 3d printer parts to order.
- Back Room (Will C)
  - Inventory is happening imminently.
  - we will probably find missing tools and tools in need of repair while we do inventory.
  - Andrew got new plug for chop saw
  - Planer is still in pieces.
- Back Yard (Jeff C)
  - Dormant for the winter

##Meetings, Events and Interest Groups

### Events
 - **Dec 15** - Friday Art Night
 - **Jan 6** - Sewing Class Hosted by Andy & Morgan (creating form for people who want to join likely $15-20 per person going directly to instructors)
 - **Jan 19th** - 3rd Friday Art Night
 - **Jan 20th AM** - Sewing Class #2
 - **Jan 20th 6-1130 PM** - holiday Party


### Interest Groups
 - Baloon updates? Report is coming due.

##Proposals
  - Upgrade hatch 2 composser to hatch 3 digitizer
    $300.
    - Ben will do a demonstration day. Brother also has a ton of documentation of it.

##Potpourri
  - Samantha wanted to do something with door, as does Rae.
