Roll Call
=========
Ben Adrew dmitry ziggo karl eric sean adam hackerspace-computer


Status Reports
Treasurer (Dmitriy V)
$No Updates
Public Relations (Ziggo)
Still Training
Front Room ()
We still need a front room captain
Good job keeping clean!
RPA (Phill S)
shelf design coming soon
Back Room (Will C)
No Updates
Back Yard (Jeff C)
Got some bushes cut back and grass trimmed for Ghosts in the Garden

Meetings, Events and Interest Groups
Third Friday Art Night
Next occurrence is November, 17th !
Ziggggggggo is hosting
Board game night!
11/4 (Saturday) starting around 2pm till lateish (will be in front room)

Proposals
none

potpourri
  -PR
    -Ziggo has final say on pr budget (events)
    -Try to put together a budget or max $ amount cap and get preapproval or else you may end up spending more then what PR wants to allocate for that event. 
    -PR (or any section’s budget) can be modified via member vote

Events
  -New Member Spotlight
    -Every month highlight 1 member <6month and 1 member who has been around longer than that
 
Brick Club-Would need someone to take ownership of-There’s a training that is done for how to run the group, an organization called “Play Together” that is aimed at neurodivergent youth, this program is trying to bring that to adults. -12 meeting commitment-They give us training and lego-Ben will talk to him
