# Roll Call

In Person

- Jeff, Andrew, Tim, Dan, Andrew, Ziggo, Dmitiry, Shawn, Erik L, Will C



# Last Week Action Items
- 


# Director and Area Reports

- Treasurer (Dmitriy V)
  - No Updates
- Public Relations (Ziggo G)
  - Cancelling Third Friday Art Night this week =(
  - Bike Repair Night at the end of March 23rd
- Front Room (Ben M)
  - No Updates
- Rapid Prototyping Area (Phil S)
  - Rayzer the Lazer coming on April 6th. Phil will be the Point of Contact. 
- Back Room (Will C)
  - No Updates
  - Casual discussion of clean up.
  - Will is removing random stuff. thanks will!
  - Planer is up and running as far as we know.
- Back Yard (Kalina G)
  - Discord Channel and Email thread now exists for those interested in planting. 

# Interest Groups
- Ham interest group
  - Adam got technician recently. Last friday was the first legal broadcast.
- Balooon
  - More Testing required.
  - There is still space for those who are interested. Join if you want to see the eclipse pending clouds. 
- Electronics
  - Just seth last week. Feel free to join, every Monday at 7!
- Power Racing
  - Join team if you want.

# Business
  - Vending Machine
    - Dollar acceptor is still not working.
    - Magic Mirror is going to be changed soon. 
  
  - Proposals
    - No proposals

# Potpurri and Action Items
  - Yachtapalooza coming up soon!
  - Prusaconnect Raspi mod
    -   

# Next week action items
  - Put some things together to send to Rae and Ziggo for insta baloon promotion (Jeff)
  - Ben filling out Power Racing grant form
