# Roll Call

- Andrew, Andrew, Ziggo, Dmitriy, Ben, Dan, Joe, Kalina, Erik, Erin, Jeff, Will 


# Last Week Action Items
- We have long footage of the entire launch, it needs to be cut and edited for Social Media


# Director and Area Reports

- Treasurer (Dmitriy V)
  - No updates
- Public Relations (Ziggo G)
  - 3rd Friday Art night on the 19th (Ziggo will not be here). Andrew will be here to run it.
- Front Room (Ben M)
  - New tables.
  - New work zone established where color printer was.
  - New remote for new AV that phil is setting up. 
- Rapid Prototyping Area (????)
  - *We need a new area captain!*
    -  If you are even casually interested talk to another area captain or a member of the board if you are interested in learning more, or just sign up!
  - *Working laser cutter again!*
      - We're gonna ride it out over the next 6 months to a year, so please give feedback on your experiences using it and the new software (Lightburn)
      - Weaker Laser
      - No Camera
      - New software (lightburn). Workflow is similar to how vinyl cutter works. Software is already on the space computer. 
      - The machine is networked.
  - *Sewing machine*
    - It's back! Time to test
    - There is info about it from Samantha in the discord.         
- Back Room (Will C)
  - *Table Saw*
    - Cracking the blade up and down is getting really difficult.
    - There is lubracant in the shop, it should be applied regularly
    - Handwheel is a little loose. Maybe that cool be the issue.
  - *Router Table*
    - Gear to crank is broken, unable to crank.
    - May be the next big thing to replace (Erin has been researching)
    - There is the correct amount of craft paper in the back 
- Back Yard (Kalina G)
  - *Work Day*
    - This Saturday from 11 to 4. Lets get ready for growing season! 

# Interest Groups
- Ham interest group
  - People talked via ham over the weekend. Good fun
- Balloooooooon
  - n/a
- Electronics
  - Karl is taking over the electronics interest group! Hooray!
- Power Racing
  - Good first meeting! Tight schedule but possible.
  - May need help from membership. Especially from membership.
  - Next meeting on Sunday at 4pm!

# Business
  - Proposals
    - *Memberships for instructors* (**vote**)
      - Passes Unanimously! (15 yeS)
    - *Paying for Power Racing Maker fair sponsership* (**discussion**)
      - Add questions to the discord proposal thread for Andrew to ask Moonie (organizer of power racing world series)
      - Booth would be from 10am to 6pm (could we get 3 to 4 people to staff it over the course of the day)
      - Should we ask for $250 donation and then do an after party?
      - Do we really want to host something here and potentially attract a TON of new members at once?
        - Typically in the past maker fairs havn't had a high conversion rate.
      - How many attendees will be at the event? It's unknown. It is free to attend.
      - Are there enough people to booth?
      - There will be setup, during the event, and clean up. perhaps two hour shifts for events and all hands on deck for setup and breakdown.
      - What is their promotion like?
      - We need a canopy tent for us while working there.
        - We can borrow one from Jeff, Ziggo, or Tool library.
        - Lets get a branded one potentially one day!       
# Potpurri and Action Items
  - Andrew will email Moonie questions re: maker fair at power racing world series
  - Next member we sign up will be our 300th Signup!!!
    - Lets promote it and be proud of it! 
  - Christian said they are running an omtech and they are loving it.
  - Batteries are going to get repaired, need help shucking the batteries.
