# Roll Call

- In person: Dmitriy V, Erin S, Andrew E, Martin H, Tim M, Andrew S, Jeff C, Dan M, Rae S, Ryan F, Ziggo G 
- Guests: ??, ??, Jen, Al, Beck?
- Online: Will C, Shawn C

# Director and Area Reports

- Treasurer (Dmitriy V)
  - ~$5500 in available funds
  - Fiscal year ends in 1 week
- Public Relations (Ziggo G)
  - Chicago Open House - October 19-20
  - FY2024 programming budget under discussion
  - Talks about a grantwriting workshop
- Front Room (Ben M)
  - New aircon installed, minor insulation/checks remaining
  - Front room budget items ordered/delivered
  - Considering re-doing member photo wall
  - Erin is doing inventory of first aid cabinet
- Rapid Prototyping Area (N/A)
  - Guider needs teflon tubes
  - Need to make new puck for laser cutter
  - Need to talk to laser cutter repair guy about various questions
- Back Room (Will)
  - Clean-up and inventory day - next session is this weekend July 27
  - Scooter storage?
- Back Yard (Kalina G)
  - None

# Interest Groups
- Electronics club (Seth H)
  - Mondays at 7PM 
- High Altitude Balloon (Jeff C)
  - No updates

# Business
  - Action items
    - None
  - Proposals
    - None

# Potpourri 
  - Rae is doing a booth at the Ramova Farmers Market (this sunday)
    - organizers of this event are looking for orgs to fill a booth with activities - maybe
  - Stop Motion Plant Salon
    - general agreement that this is a neat idea
