# Roll Call

In Person

- Keith, Andrew, Andrew, Ben, Ziggo, Dmitriy, Jeff, Karl

Remote
- Shawn, Rae, Erik L, Will C

# Last Week Action Items
- Status update from lazer guy (Rayzer the Lazer)


# Director and Area Reports

- Treasurer (Dmitriy V)
  - Ran the report recently. We have just under $2000 in available funds. $5000 will be added back to that in May
- Public Relations (Ziggo G)
  - 3rd Friday Art night on the 15th
  - Ben doing Bike Repair workshop March 23rd
- Front Room (Ben M)
  - n/a
- Rapid Prototyping Area (Phil S)
  - Ray the lazer guy has been contacted. Arrangements have been made. This will not happen till beginning of April. Phill will be working with him.
- Back Room (Will C)
  - No major updates, overall in good shape. Still cleaning and sorting things.
  - New filters for dust collectors are in the back room of the back room. 
- Back Yard (Kalina G)
  - If you are interested in planting respond to the email in the mailing list.

# Events
  - Birthday Party
    - Best birthday party ever!!
  - Sewing class
    - Class went well, had 2 cancellations which was a bummer. 
    - The spaces sewing machine is pulling fabric into the bobbin area. There is a spot that can fix sewing machines that we can take it to, contact info in discord thread.
  - 3rd Friday Art night on the 15th
  - Ben doing Bike Repair workshop March 23rd

  

# Interest Groups
- Ham interest group
  - Got a ham radio, transmitter and some antennas. 
  - Adam took his test. 
- Balooon
  - Two students showing up for google chat, may be in for the project!
  - Still waiting for magazine thing to come out
  
# Business
  - Vending Machine
    - We have been unable to get vending machine license. They don't know how to give it to us as a NFP. 
    - They said if we are claiming the income on our taxes, thats fine. 
  
  - Proposal 
    - Board proposal to temporarly increase supply budget by $500 (just for untill June). 
      - Yay: 14
      - Nay: 0
      - Abstain: 0
        - The motion passes

# Potpurri and Action Items
  - Power Racing Series: 
    - Are we in? Yes we are. Channel 
    - Will hackerspace pay anything? no
    - Is it a hackerspace representative team or a group of members doing an outside project
   

# Next week action items
  - Put some things together to send to Rae and Ziggo for insta baloon promotion (Jeff)

