# Roll Call
  - Jeff, Sean, Will, Dmitiry, Ziggo, Andy (their around), Erin, Kalina, Michael, Sam, Andrew, Adam, Jen, Henry

# Director and Area Reports
- Treasurer (Dmitriy V)
  - We now have symetrical gigabit internet. 
- Public Relations (Ziggo G)
  - 3rd Friday art night was fun and good.
- Front Room (Jen)
  - Jen is doing front room reorganization. Share your opinions if you want to.
- Rapid Prototyping Area (Ben M)
  - Lazer cutter is back up and running. The red light dot needs to get installed still, but Phil can do it at some point or instruct someone on how to do it. 
- Back Room (Will)
  - Lathe is still not opperational. Erin has part and is going to fix it.
  - **Ceiling status**
    - Lots of cracks in concrete in roof above woodshop. Risk of falling damage. It falls if poked with a broom.
    - Concerns about structrual integrety, importantant in regard to Chicago winter.
    - Bubbly did just get a new construction / handyman guy. Building management (Jon or carolee(?) ) needs to be contacted.
    - **Action Item** - Jen will email. 
- Back Yard (Kalina G)
  - Downspout issues
    - Hasn't been blocked in a while.
    - Harvest things NOW or else the fox will get it. Which is cool but like, also,          humans like it too.
# Events:
  *Open house chicago* 
    - *Date and Time*: 19th and 20th morning to early afternoon. 
    - Tethered baloon launch* - Helium and live streamed at space and youtube as a     
      promotional thing. 
    
  *Storytelling night* 
    - *Date and Time*: Oct 20th Evening.
        There is a form and spreadsheet on the open house chicago thread on discord if 
        you would like to help run it.
  
# Interest Groups
  - HAB
  - HAM
    - Renny and Adam were talking about making a meshtastic station for the roof.
# Business
  - Business
    - Board Elections
      - You can run if you have been on the board for at least 6 months. You can       
        nominate yourself or self nominate. Nominations open on the second. Elections 
        will be 2 weeks after that. You get a locker.
      - Positions:
        - President: Run meeting, sign tax form,
        - VP: Take place of president if they cannot attend meeting
        - Tresurer: Financial Organizer
        - PR: Social Media, Emails
        - CTO: Maintain the digital infrastructure of space
        - Member at Large: Member representative to board. 
        - Secretary: Note taker, vote collector
  - Proposals
    - Old proposals
      - N/A
    - New proposals
      - Front wall art hanging system ($300)
        - Outside front wall. Proposal posted in discord and in email. Would cover front wall and perpendicular wall.
        - Curation?
          - No set plan for curating the art if the proposal passes.
        - Logistics?
          - It will not get in the way of the carts going in or out of elevator.
          - Could be nice to have for open house chicago.
          - There are wires in the wall now too. 
        - Whoooo are the people who want to hang things?
  - Action Items
    - Jen emailing Carolee about this roof.
# Potpourri 
  - Fob stickers have arrived!! Ask dmitiry for a new fob. 
