# Roll Call

- In person: Erin S, Adam K, Renny (Guest), Andrew E, Dmitriy V, Kalina J, Jeff C, Ziggo G
- Online: Will C, Tim M, Todd D, Erik L

# Director and Area Reports

- Treasurer (Dmitriy V)
  - Discuss updates to the Programming budget for next fiscal year on Discord
  - Need to review policy and pay for insurance for next FY
- Public Relations (Ziggo G)
  - 3rd Friday Art Night - June 21 7:30PMish?
  - Midwest RepRap Fair - Goshen, IN, weekend of June 23
    - Some memebers may be going (Andrew E and Dan M?)
- Front Room (Ben M)
  - $237 remaining in area budget. Discord thread open for suggustions
  - Dmitriy would like to re-arrange member photos across the top of the whiteboard
- Rapid Prototyping Area (No person yet)
  - Guider printer might still be clogged?
  - Scooter should be mounted...soon?
- Back Room (Will)
  - scooter should be mounted...son?
  - Router table assembly nearing completion - just need to mount the controller
  - Planer is making vibrating noises
  - Garage door is broken - spring broken; getting fixed
- Back Yard (Kalina G)
  - Where did the plastic flappy curtain go? Maybe we can use it for screening bugs?
  - Looking to do bug mitigation with a screen or something

# Interest Groups
- High Altitude Malloon (Jeff C)
  - Adam is working on some radio stuff with Peter
  - Jeff - the new goal is to build a new reliable equipment stack

# Business
  - Old Business
    -Action items
      - None
    - Proposals
      - None
    - Discussion
      - None
  - New Business
    - Action items
      - None
    - Proposals
      - None
    - Discussion      
# Potpourri 
 - Discussion on programming budget 

# Next Week Action Items
  - None
