Roll Call
=========
Ben M, Rae, Ziggo, Dmitriy, Andrew, Andrew, Erin, Erik, Adam, Emma (new member!!!), Keith (new member!!!), Shawn, Jeff,

##Status Reports
Treasurer (Dmitriy V)
Today is the last day of the month. Tomorrow we find out about finances!
We did our fire extinguisher test which is done, and spent some money on proposals
-Public Relations
  ### Events
    
Feb 10th is the next sewing class.
Feb 17 board game day. Hours TBD, its a phil-andrew-rae collab that will happen that saturday, with potential to become a regular occurance.
Feb 16 will be the next 3rd friday art night
-
Front Room (Ben)
Couch going to dumpster
More candy in bowl
RPA (Phill S)
Laser Cutter (It's a big issue!)
It's fucked ðŸ˜¦ Currently not working, it's a problem with the controller board. We are out of warrenty so they're probably going to ignore us.
Time to start thinking about proposals for new laser cutter.
Dmitriy says its gonna take forever to get them, and it's gonna cost at least $100-$1000. Time to start thinking about new machine.
We just got a new ultrasonic cleaner. We don't have the chemicals yet. We are harbor freight
Back Room (Will C)
Dowel Jig that phil has ordered has arrived. fun.
Back Yard (Jeff C).
Anybody want to be backyard area captain duties? $500 budget still left for this year before it resets in july
composting
Are we interested in commercial composting? Where would that budget be coming from.
Price is $50 for the largest, $24 (10 gallon every 2 weeks)

Interest Groups
Solar Eclipse Baloon Team
Interested in joining? Come by after the meeting on Wednesdays! There's also a form in the discord total solar eclipse to sign up
Science teacher at the school on 35th and Wallace and is very interested in having people come to demostrate stuff. Adam is down. Jeff is down. One more person would be nice.

 
HAM radio interest group
Lets talk to the ISS


##Proposals and Discussion
  ### Discussion
    
Front room discretionary fund (vote in one week
option 1: vote 24hr time frame (we are editing proposal to be this one)
option 2: front room area captain discretion for spending. 
Erin is concerned about not knowing what it is. She prefers the standard proposal.
Jeff says this is a one time thing, similar to what the budget for the back yard does.
Rae is saying this came about because of the table proposal. whenever it comes up there is too much debate, especially thinking about how the front room table is being used.
Dmitriy says why don't we pick something from commerical source.
This is bikeshedding
This won't stop typical proposal process.
Adam wants to chime in about if the backyard captain has the budget why not the front room or every captain.
We spend so much money on other things, why not spend something that is not
Supply budget is fucky. we need to readjust things things. for curtains.


    
All captains budgets (vote in 2 weeks):
Can the captain be removed? 
Are captains part of the charter? 
Membership can vote to remove captain
Hoping the Area Captains feel more inspired to use and be involved with their role and the space.
This does not change the supply budget.


##Potpourri
  
Pintrest board for the front room (mandated (joke)) 
