# ssh:Chicago Meeting Minutes for 2012-04-11 #

## Roll ##

Celeste W.(remote), Dmitriy V., Joy B.(remote), Lance C., Vlada G.

## Correspondence ##
 * We're meeting at Benton House presently. Positive first engagement.
 * Lance C. is to follow up with Brian O.
 * No further contact with MMAE professors, Andy K. should follow up.
 * Brian W. reached out to an individual heavily involved in BarCraft, expect followup.

## Old Business ##
 * We have a table at the North Side Maker Faire, 21st of April. Networking event on Friday from 3-9 for booth holders.
   - It would be great if we could do more then just flyers.
   - We could build something as a group.
   - Networking is a good goal.
 * Discussion of meeting location.
   - Benton House is awesome, remote is extremely comfy and full of cats.
 * Updates on tutorials
   - Linda to reach out to Ray Hightower.
   - Soldering tutorial will run at the Idea Shop Thursday.
   - Ideas for Workshop #3 and workshop discussion in general.
     * Bicycle repair would be an awesome workshop. Getting Blue City involved would be nice, Lance C. will contact.
     * Screen printing workshop would be awesome in the future.
     * Vlada G. has a contact familiar with forging.
     * Ideally workshops should be firmly planned a couple of weeks in advance, and rescheduled in a reasonable interval.
 * Lance C. still owes a final draft of the mission statement.
 * Status of t-shirt printing
   - It turns out shirts are cheaper in bulk, but we don't get it due to rush shipping.
   - Estimated cost at most $15 per person.
   - Should be ready by Makers Faire.
   - White on black shall be the official logo.
   - Next batch will likely be on black shirts.
   - It'd be cool to DIY this in the future.
 * Adopt bylaws on a probationary basis.
   - Tabled until next meeting.
 * Discussion on accountability.
   - Minutes and agendas need to go out on time.
   - We should have at least one focused discussion thread a week seeking to arrive at a resolution. E.G., this upcoming week, run a thread to decide what we're doing. This would allow even those who are not attending meetings to participate constructively.
   - Show up to meetings, and in reply to the agenda thread.
   - Shared tasking system, e.g. Trello or Remember the Milk.
   - An achievement point system could be of use.
   - Getting stuff done is important.
 * Discussion on active promotion of the hackerspace.
   - We all need to be more effective social media promoters.
   - Workshops should be promoted over social media.
   - We should find someone who enjoys and is good at social media.
   - Celeste is trying to update Twitter, please keep her in the loop.
 * Meeting and discussion with Benton House folk.
   - Kristina and Ben joined us.
   
## New Business ##
 * Joy will coordinate remote attendees.
