# ssh:Chicago Meeting Minutes for 2012-05-16 #

## Roll ##
Adam E., Angela D., Bobby Z., Celeste W.(remote), Dmitriy V., Karl R., Lance C., Mason D., Matt C., Vlada G.

## Correspondence ##
 * Bobby Z. reports that Zach Caplan, owner of Inventables, wants to fund a West Loop hackerspace.
   The company has an office in the West Loop, and sell a variety of equipment. Wants to move the company out of his current small office,
   into a much larger space. Wants to build out and outfit a hackerspace area of 1500-2400 square feet and rent it out for a fairly nominal price.
   They would also be interested in lease-to-own programs on larger equipment such as milling machines and 3D printers. They will be moving within the year.
   We will meet at their current office space next week, Bobby Z. will arrange and post further details.
 * Bobby Z. went to a meeting at Fab Lab, which resulted in a Google Group called Chicago Makers. They would like to have quarterly multi-hackerspace meetings.
   Lots of discussions of how to create a larger hackerspace community in Chicago.
 * Matt C. has no update on Jackie from LevelUp, life interfered.

## Old Business ##
 * Updates on tutorials
   - Matt C. has yet to reach out to the lockpicking guys.
   - Blue City recently had a breaking, we may want to postpone discussions of a bicycle maintainance tutorial.
   - Bobby Z. reached out to Iron Street Farms, but got a generic response email.
     He will reach out with a more specific proposal, and see where that goes.
 * Dmitriy V. have posted a draft of the bylaws to Google Groups, feel free to ask for a link, or they will send one out.
   Please read it, and provide revisions as needed.
 * Dmitriy V. reports that the problems with the VPS have been resolved. He will update the current landing page,
   and then direct traffic to it.
 * Dmitriy V. reports that we were perhaps underprepared for Bridgeport Day, thus could have done better. Regardless, we talked to tons of people.
   We very much need to send out an email to our list. We should remember to bring something that we're working on to such events
   in the future. We also need to be careful about our use of language, we're 'starting' a hackerspace, not 'trying to start'.
 * Mason D. has a seat for the PowerWheels. We also now have four black 20" bicycle wheels to attach, camber, and slam. We'll need to obtain 3/4"
   axles.
 * Matt C. reports that the Memorial Day party will be the Saturday the 26th. Matt C. has a small grill, another grill would be nice.
   Will be potluck, bring food and booze. Will start sometime between 3PM and 10PM. Please post what you are bringing on the mailing list
 * No update on the 30th St. private club from Adam E. or Lance C.
 * What projects did we work on over the last week?
   - Mason D. fitted a motion sensor for his bathroom light to compensate for poor switch placement.
   - Dmitriy V. has too many tomato and cucumber seeds, please take them.
   - Karl R. performed several involved items of maintainance on a vintage Schwinn, including reworking the front dropouts.

## New Business ##
 * We may want to move our meetings to 7:30PM, as we consistantly start late. We can probably avoid doing this with some optimization.
