# ssh:chicago Meeting Minutes for 2012-09-19 #

## Roll ##
Dmitriy V., John S., Lance C., Mason D., Matt C.

## Correspondence ##

## Old Business ##
 * Update on tutorials.
   - No update on 3D scanning tutorial from Bobby Z.
 * No update on bylaws documents from Lance C.
 * Mason D. reports that we now have a card for our bank account,
   no online access as yet.
 * Matt C. and Mason D. report that the PS:1 meeting(s) went well,
   minutes and notes have been or will be posted. This did raise
   the point that we should likely reformat our meetings into business
   and general.
 * No major updates on IT solutions, Dmitriy V., the wiki is up and running.
 * Matt C. and Mason D. were at PS:1 working on the Parking Day setup
   yesterday, good progress. Talk to Bobby Z. about doing more work on this.
 * We will likely try to purchase the 3D printer purchase after we
   have a space.
 * Matt C. has been in touch with Ed about GeoLofts, still trying to
   set up a time to see the space.
 * No report on  Software Freedom Day.
 * The Maria's Reddit meetup was small but well received.
 * Discussion of upcoming events.
   - We're going to Barcamp Chicago!
 * The current revision of the bylaws includes provisions barring the
   use of the space for illegal activities. Still needed are expulsion
   and reinstatement guidelines.

## New Business ##
 * Dmitriy V. would like to order another batch of t-shirts, this time
   on a dark background.
