# ssh:chicago Meeting Minutes for 2012-09-12 #

## Roll ##
Bobby Z., Dmitriy V., Lance C., Mason D., Matt C.

## Correspondence ##
 * ToooL workshop will be held at Benton House on 2012-10-11.
   Needs to be posted in a newsletter and otherwise.

## Old Business ##
 * Update on tutorials.
   - No update on 3D scanning tutorial, Bobby Z.
 * No update on bylaws documents, Lance C.
 * No update on banking from Mason D. or Matt C.
   Everyone really ought to go vist PNC and reassure them.
 * Johh S. reports that the PS:1 meeting is 2012-09-16.
   They'd also be willing to give us a drill press.
 * Dmitriy V. reports that the new MediaWiki instance is mostly up.
   Next step is transitioning the home page to Wordpress.
 * We need to finalize a list of people going to Parking Day.
   - We also need to design a mini-golf hole, we'll be provided with AstroTurf.
   - Should ask PS:1 if we can have some work time to construct a hole.
 * We have a tentative agreement on the 3D printer purchase, but some
   portions of negotions have stalled.
 * No update on Geolofts from Bobby Z.
 * Discussion of upcoming events, Dmitriy V.
   - We have Software Freedom Day on 2012-09-15.
   - Barcamp Chicago is 2012-09-22 to 2012-09-23.

## New Business ##
 * We should include the clause John S. proposed into our bylaws.
