# ssh:Chicago Meeting Minutes for 2012-08-08 #

## Roll ##
Adam E., Eric B., Dimitriy V., John S., Lance C., Nicolette K., Mason D., Matt C., Vlada G.

## Correspondence ##
 * Matt C. will respond to Steve's from ToooL's post on the mailing list.
 * Dmitriy V. got into the ssh email account, and responded to a few people.
   Mason D. will set this account up to forward more appropriately.
 * Dmitriy V. reached out to the student affairs coordinator about the org fair.
   While we can't directly participate, there may be other promotional avenues
   available to us.

## Old Business ##
 * Update on tutorials
   - Nerf modding tutorial is tomorrow!
     * Going to go on a gun run tonight.
     * Presently have 4 sales on EventBrite.
 * No update on bylaws.
 * Mason D. has settled on PNC, would like to take some officers to a branch Saturday.
 * The newsletter went out, 5 bounces out of 104 sent. A ~30% open rate on the email,
   with significant clickthrough to our social media properties. Please start using
   our social media accounts more!
 * Report on Evanston Makers Faire.
   - Dmitriy V., John S., Mason D., and Bobby Z. went.
   - Photos were taken, we'll try to get this up on the blog.
   - The Nerf modding proved very entertaining, and attracted a lot of attention to our table.
   - Did well conversationally.
   - Relatively poor performance as far as mailing list signups, only 3 or 4.
   - It'd be nice if we had a tablecloth with our logo.
 * PS:1 invited us to have a meeting of ours at their space.
   - Potential topics for discussion:
     * They have outmoded tools that are no longer in use.
     * Space selection.
     * General recruiting discussion.
     * Discussion of differences in philosophy.
     * Insurance and other financing topics.
     * What're their questions for us?
   - Need to work out whether we're participating in their general meeting, holding a separate
     business meeting of ours, or something else.
   - A mailing list thread would be good.
 * What did we do last week?
   - Mason D. built his first bike wheel.

## New Business ##
 * We need to retrench and consolidate our IT resources.
   - The wiki *needs* improvement.
 * We need to have a branding discussion around usage of the name.
 * We need to get a MeetUp group.
 * Barcamp is coming up in September.
 * Nicolette K. has been working on improving our blag.
   - The new theme is shaping up very nicely.
   - We need to start generating content for this.
 * We will start collecting dues per next meeting, 2012-08-15.
   - Proposed dues of $40/month.
