# ssh:Chicago Meeting Minutes for 2012-03-21 #

## Roll ##

Alex Z., Celeste W., Dmitriy V., Joe M., John C., Matt C., Tim R.

## Correspondence ##
  * Updates from Dmitriy
    - Heard back from Beckman. He is too busy for active discussion, but has subscribed to the list.
    - No updates on other profs
    - ACM and IEEE at IIT seem to be dead, but Robotics is talking to us.
    - Robotics has their own lab
  * Tabled Joy's updates for next time
  * Celeste hasn't had any response from EE professors
  * Matt has had no response from Bubbly Dynamics, and hasn't been able to contact Pleasant House

## Old Business ##
  * Celeste on financial overview:
    - For a few-hundred (under a thousand, but not tiny) square foot loft space: $1,100/mo, $2,000 banked with the security deposit
      - $1,00 covers phone, internet, insurance, rent, gas, heat and electricity (not equipment)
      - Celeste to link to the Google doc of these numbers
    - These are corporate, new, finished and "build to order"
    - Ideally we would have $2k-ish income every month is the minimum Celeste would be comfortable with for the space.
    - Her idea of a 'fair' price was 30/50/80 for student/average/professional dues, which means about 40 people to get moving
    - Some allow welding/woodwork, others do not. Most have running water.
    - We may need 2-phase or 3-phase power for the space
  * Alex Z. website status: More people on the list, wiki added to the site, we will add the logo soon (once it's agreed upon)
  * Matt C. on MIBS rules: We haven't modified them yet, and we hope not to need them for the most part, but we've adopted them for now. If all else fails, we can fall back on them.
  * We're registered for a booth at Maker's Faire! We need to discuss who will be able to make it and when. We'd like to have a few people man the booth. We've asked for a table, but we are making tentative plans for equipment internally.
  * We have a subreddit! You don't need to be a member to be on the subreddit. We may shut down the google group more or less to move to the sub-reddit?
  * We do not have a Google apps account, because we are not a non-profit yet. Matt is thinking of starting a paid version for now until we get that status.
  * The flyer has been updated, and with a few changes there is consensus as to the format. It needs some typographic / design changes. We should version it, probably in Github.
  * We've added a critical path list on the wiki called "Path Forward". Let's tear it apart and fill it with useful information.
  * Matt will add the "basic tools" list to the wiki / google group. Tim and Matt have many tools to contribute.
  * Tutorials
    - Ruby / Rails happened last week, will happen again tomorrow. Joe can't make it, Isaac will make it instead.
    - Git tutorial, we have not arranged a time yet, but there is significant interest. Dmitriy will reach out on Facebook, flyers, google groups and our mailing list. It will occur Monday 03/26 at Bridgeport Coffee
    - Soldering. PS1 had blinkey kits, can we get enough soldering irons and enough space to run a tutorial?
    - Dorkbot has a 04/05 tutorial on freeware video game designer. They're looking for someone to turn it over to. However, it's on the north-side. Is this interesting to us?

## New Business ##
  * Need to figure out the details of tshirts if we are going to print them.
  * What files we should store in our github?
  * As a group, what areas are we really going to focus on? Project ownership may be important here.
  * We need a paragraph version of the mission statement?
  * Do we want a loft or a storefront?
