# ssh:Chicago Meeting Minutes for 2012-06-20 #

## Roll ##
Dmitriy V., John S., Lance C., Mason D., Matt C.

## Correspondence ##
 * John S. and Matt C. helped PS:1 move on Saturday. Several people told us to hurry up and
   get going, as they're still overfull. Still very much in the organizing phase.

## Old Business ##
 * Updates on tutorials
   - Nerf modding workshop is rescheduled for 2012/07/05 to allow further publicity.
     will discuss running it at Benton House post meeting. Worth noting is
     that the PowerWheels racing rules include firing Nerf weaponry at targets during races.
 * We had a good bylaws session last week after the meeting, and will try to repeat it this
   week.
 * Mason D. would like to see power circuit work for PowerWheels, will meet this Thursday.
   Additionally, Dmitriy V. talked to a former Formula Hybrid member, who said they modeled
   their frame in SolidWorks. We need welding assistance, publicize this fact on the mailing list.
 * No update from Adam E. on the 30th St. private club.
 * No update on newsletter, Vlada G.
 * Updates on office hours and general activities.
   - We should do a group ride + picnic or something similar. Hacks in the Park?
   - A beach outing would also be sweet.
   - Combining geocaching with drinking or allycat racing could be cool.
     Using an app or a qr code to form checkpoints for both of the previous
     would be cool.

## New Business ##
 * Matt C. will contact TooL.
