# ssh:chicago Meeting Agenda for 2012-08-15 #

## Roll ##
Adam E., Dmitriy V., John S., Lance C., Mark ?, Mason D., Matt C., Nicolette K., Rob ?

## Correspondence ##
 * Matt C. has yet to email any of the numerous people he has contact info for in ToooL.

## Old Business ##
 * Update on tutorials
   - The Nerf modding tutorial went very well, a good mix of participants. Lots of
     interest in a followup workshop, maybe a good winter activity.
 * The bylaws are roughly finalized.
 * Mason D. got ahold of the business banker at PNC, will be making an initial deposit.
   The remainder of the board can then sign forms there at their leasure.
 * Please start using our social media accounts more!
 * We have yet to pin down a date to meet at PS:1.
 * Our biggest IT problem at present is the lack of use and functionality of our wiki.
   - Need to pick a functional replacement for our current minimalist wiki.
   - Maintaining the mailing accounts is also not happening.
   - Consolidating social media accounts would also help a great deal.
   - Password management also needs refinement.
   - Now that we're bringing our blog into shape, generating content is becoming
     important. "What did we do last week?" is a good source. NYC Resistor has an
     informal "the hack isn't done until you publish" policy.
 * Branding consistancy.
   - Currently the official font is Din. Dmitriy V. has various formats available.
   - The short name is ssh:chicago, and the long name is South Side Hackerspace.
 * We have a MeetUp group, which has been attracting considerable interest.
   - Everyone should join the MeetUp group, and announce their attendance there.
 * Barcamp is September 22-23 at PS:1, everyone should go.
 * Nicolette K. reports that the blag exists, and has a brief intro and our calendar.
   Again, really needs content. Having an album per event would be good. John S.
   will write up the Nerf hack night.
 * Dues! USD $40/month.
 * What did we do last week?
   - John S. brought brought his RepRap to PS:1 for diagnosis, the shield for the extruder
     is bad.
   - Dmitriy V.'s tomatoes are doing well.

## New Business ##
 * We now have IRC on Freenode, #sshc.
 * Discussion of how to to grow membership *while* acquiring a space.
   - Start a mailing list thread covering our punch list for spaces.
