# ssh:Chicago Meeting Minutes for 2012-03-28 #

## Roll ##

Dmitriy V., John S., Lance C., Ryan A., 

## Correspondence ##
 * Next meeting, update from Joy B.
 * Celeste has not heard back from EE professors.
 * John S. has talked to Nat ? and others from Pilsen.
 * Dmitriy V. heard from Professor Williamsen, said it was interesting, but not sure how he could help.
 * Get status from Matt on Bubbly Dynamics and Pleasant House

## Old Business ##
 * Alex Z. website status: More people on the list, wiki added to the site, we will add the logo soon (once it's agreed upon)
   - Dmitriy V. pushed a small stylistic update, discussion of alternatives for a more powerful wiki is ongoing.
   - We have a wiki page for the logo, calling it final for the moment.
 * The flyer is mostly done, start using it!
 * Discussion of the "Path Forward"
   - We need to focus on recruiting.
   - Need to designate responsible individual items.
   - Make a page for ongoing agenda items.
 * Tutorials
   - Update on Ruby / Rails.
   - Git tutorial ran with Celeste W., Dmitriy V., Ryan A and John S. Went well, and was probably repeatable.
   - Soldering tutorial will be run from the Idea Shop lab next Monday. Dmitriy V. will coordinate with Tim Rantilla and
     do advertising after talking to Joe Luciani and IEEE.
 * Need to figure out the details of tshirts if we are going to print them.
   - Dmitriy V. has used Windy City Silkscreening in the past, they're reliable and cheap.
   - Will strongly try to print on American Apparel or similar.
   - We should print buttons or stickers to hand out out at Maker Faire.
     - Need a sticker printing resource. John S. will enquire about what PS1 has done.
 * Lance C. will write a paragraph version of the mission statement.
 * Do we want a loft or a storefront?
   - Storefront could have security issues.
   - Loft could be hard to move materials in and out of.
   - We will accumulate a ranked list of criteria on the wiki.
   - What is our minimum useful space?
   - We may be able to gain assistance from the city government, contact our Alderman.
 * Questions and comments from new attendees
   - Gender balance is an issue, 'hackerspace' may be a bad term.
   - We may want to promote tutorials using Dabble or Communiteach.

## New Business ##
 * Further discussion of the path forward, and how to focus on recruiting.
