# ssh:Chicago Meeting Minutes for 2012-04-25 #

## Roll ##
Ben N., Brian W.(remote), Celeste W.(remote), Dmitriy V., John S., Joy B.(remote),
Mason D., Matt C., Ryan A., Tim R.

## Correspondence ##
 * Lance C. reports that Stagecraft Players is focusing on space acquisition and fundraising for the moment.

## Old Business ##
 * North Side Maker Faire was awesome, Matt C. almost lost his voice and
   has a lot of email addresses to add to the list, as well as personal contacts.
   Help with MailChimp would be awesome. In particular, talked to Jackie of Level Up,
   who is working on a makerspace targeted to high school students. Lawyers for the Creative Arts
   could be very helpful in the incorporation process. Argonne National Labs might be interested
   in holding lectures and seminars with us. Lots of other cool people to keep in touch with,
   expect updates on the mailing list!
 * Dmitriy V. is mostly done settling up on T-Shirts, you know who you are. They look amazing, thanks much!
 * Updates on tutorials
   - Lance C. is running the Ruby tutorial tomorrow at BCS.
   - Lance C. has made no more progress on the cycling tutorial, we may want to table this for the moment.
 * Addition of Director of External Affairs to the Board is declined. The Board is to be composed of a 
   President, Vice-President, Secretary, and Treasurer. Composition is approved by majority, Celeste W. opposed.
 * Election for the Board, nominees are as follows:
   - President
     * Matt C.
   - Vice-President
     * Dmitriy V.
   - Secretary
     * Lance C.
   - Treasurer
     * Joy B., seconded by Celeste W.
   All candidates were approved as a slate by general accord.
 * Matt C. can work on party planning after the 12th. Tentatively going to at least plan to do something over Memorial Day weekend.
 * Matt C. was strongly encouraged by the current PS:1 President to throw their current bylaws out the window, as they find them
   almost unworkable. Matt C. and Dmitriy V. will work on drafting a more workable set of bylaws and present them in a two weeks.
   The important point is that we will continue to evolve these as needed.
 * Dmitriy V. and Matt C. would like us to obtain a VPS rather then using Alex Z.'s shared hosting account. This will allow us
   to significantly improve our control over our infrastructure. Dmitriy V. has a contact who helps run a VPS reseller, who may
   be willing to cut us a deal.
 * Web infrastructure will be managed by a Web Committee to be composed of Dmitriy V., Lance C., and Matt C. Approved by general
   accord.
 * What projects did we work on over the last week?
   - Joy B. made a paper craft Mr. Saturn.
   - Dmitriy V. would like a loan of a *small* air compressor.
   - Tim R. is going to change the brakes on his car.

## New Business ##
 * We should go to upcoming events such as Version Fest.
   - Joy B. would like to make a float for the parade on May 12., it's from Zhou B. to Benton House.
     The parade alone by itself is 200 people. Tim R. is going to talk to the organizers, who meet weekly
     at Maria's after our meetings. There will also be informational tables in the park in front of
     Benton House, we are welcome to participate.
   - MuseCon is a convention for artists, makers, and gadgeteers in Itasca on the weekend August 3-5.
     It's possible we could even run a workshop, there are still slots open.
   - Joy B. will head up Bridgeport Day organizing, a mailing list thread for events will be started.
   - People should volunteer for Pitchfork under PS:1's name, they could potentially kick us money if enough people show up.
     Celeste W. will post on Twitter.
   - Mason D. would like us to do PowerWheels racing, there is significant interest.
