General Meeting Minutes 2016-05-11
==================================

Roll Call
---------
Mason, Jessica, Phil, Shawn, Ryan, Andrew, Swingler, Thomas, Mike

Agenda
------

Topics

- Hack Scholars update
  - Finals makes scheduling things hard
  - Will probably do a FB post to try to get our last one or two positions filled
- Ebay/TEM Update
  - No forward movement
  - Follow up with Dmitriy re: pictures
- Sponsorship
  - No big updates, still waiting to hear back from Stanley
- Back room common wall
  - Shawn will try to get some more done
- Laser Cutter status
  - Still fubar
- Treasurer update
  - $2145 in checking, and rent/aws are paid
  - $300 owed to Sec of State
- NSMMF post-hoc
  - Good turnout again, good expression of interest
  - Cool stuff on display
  - School's food lab is looking for satellite labs for replication of findings

Events

- Artemis Night, Saturday May 14
- Data Science Interest Group Meeting on May 24 7pm
- 3D Printer Interest Group Meeting on May 31 7pm

Project Check-ins

- Dust management (Erin / Dmitriy)
  - Dmitriy 3d printed a thing to use for a jig to make the dust collection
- Workbenches (Erin / Dmitriy)
  - No update
- CNC Mill (Thomas / Andrew / Agocs)
  - Bought some more metal to make some more pieces
- 3D Printers (Shawn / Nick)
  - 5/Sparky is apparently working well enough to do a 43 hour print
- MIG (Dan)
  - Just about everyone's rebuilt their planes, so next step is planning another outing
- RFID Doors (Agocs)
  - No progress
- Arooo (Swingler / Mason)
  - We have a fork in our github
  - Swingler managed to figure out Separate Views Directories so we can do that, and not have Horrible Conflicts Everywhere

Potpourri
- Swingler needs to do SSL certs still
- Dmitriy will be here Sunday morning to clean
  - Bankers Boxes for broad categories of crap
- Jam session Saturday morning
