General Meeting Minutes 2016-05-04
==================================

Roll Call
---------
Phil, Mason, Quentin, Jimmy, Reid, Thomas, Mike, Chris A, Chris S, Dmitriy, Dan, Jen Z, Brynne, Marybeth, Gloria 

Agenda
------

Topics

- Hack Scholars update
  - Still 2 open spots
- Ebay/TEM Update
  - Listserv posted to, but no bites, so Phil will work with Jessica to get it on eBay
- Sponsorship
  - Stanley is donating us a lotta nice stuff, the final listing is submitted
  - Waiting to hear from Epilog
  - Mike will start going through our submissions and contacting people when their request is requested
- Back room common wall
  - Stalled pending Shawn's recovery (get well Shawn!) 
- Laser Cutter status
  - Still busted
- Treasurer update
  - AG has replied back, the labyrinthine paperwork continues
  - 3099.96 in bank account (minus rent)
- 3D Printer Interest Meeting
  - Next one will be scheduled soon
- Data Science Interest Group
  - Chapters 7-8 next meeting
  - Mailing list set up successfully for folks to chat on

Events

- North Side Mini Maker Faire, Saturday May 7 10am
  - Dmitriy still working on the trifold
  - Vortex
  - Flight simulator/tricopter, 2 PCs
- Artemis Night, Saturday May 14
- DSIG on May 24 7pm

Project Check-ins

- Dust management (Erin / Dmitriy)
Dmitriy's working on it, will try 3D printing a part for it
- Workbenches (Erin / Dmitriy)
No progress
- CNC Mill (Thomas / Andrew / Agocs)
Agocs broght in his aluminum stock for Allan to melt and cast
- 3D Printers (Shawn / Nick)
Done! they seem to actually print now, including one dual extrusion
Mason and Dmitriy will be spot checking them and printing some things
- MIG (Dan)
went to mettawa to fly 2 weeks ago, a group of 4 or 5 got to fly
Everyone crashed them, and they're repairing them now
Later, everyone will go flying again
- RFID Doors (Agocs)
Agocs is working on the design now with Loans; he'll either work on it at our or PS:1's open electronics office hours

Potpourri
- Loans has proposed Electronics ofice hours on alternate Mondays from PS:1's
  - General reception: yes please
- we should track the Member Management Software project too
  - Arooo is the strong leader, needs some refactoring to suit our space
- Dmitriy asked Lawyer Dan about legal status of our membership forms and waivers, and electronic signatures as a thing
- Mike is interested in possibly adding donations of funding and was curious about whether the board would be interested
- Morning of Saturday the 14th, a jam session


