General Meeting Minutes for 2016-01-06
--------------------------------------

Roll Call: Dmitriy, Mason, Jessica, Shawn, Andrew, Erin, Phil, Carl, Chris A, Chris S, Allan

- Buildout
  - Demising wall is done being painted, has floor trim installed and outlet covers are on. For the most part it's totally cool to push stuff back to the wall. TODO: 1. install trim at 8FT level (material purchased) 2. fix drywall hole size around some outlets (may be an electrical code violation).
  - Shawn fixed the demising wall in the back. There is now a stud going all the way to the ceiling for reinforcement. Despite that, refrain from leaning anything on the wall until we get around to finishing it (it has a substantial todo list attached to it).
  - Projection wall is patch mudded and has two coats of primer on it. TODO: 1. probably buy real white paint to finish the job and 2. mount new speakers into wall
  - Dmitriy brought in a 5.1 AV system and Ryan wired it up. It needs some configuration once the front speakers are mounted, so until then it may not be intuitive to use.
- Once we declutter the space some, we will have to make decisions on some fixtures that need building (work surfaces, storage, lockers, etc).
- Erin is working on a whiteboard mount (material purchased)
- Agocs has printed up Tidy Space/parking ticket papers and distributed them, and emailed the mailing list about it
- Carolee said we can store the TEM in the basement (temporarily). Plan is to sell it after cleaning it up.
- She also stated they will address the leaks now that the holidays are over and their crews will be around more often (probably will have to remind her about this).
- Dmitriy is checking into IL Attorney General and our status there.
  - Need to fill out reg form ($15), annual report-things ($15/ea) which aren't really late and aren't bad because we haven't solicited for any donations or whatnot
  - Need to update our Articles of Incorporation/address/board list/whatnot with the IL SoS 
  - IRS accepted our 990-N, so Taxes Stuff is done
  - Fiscal Year is August 1-July 31
- Swingler is working on the Laser Cutter PC; it is being reinstalled
- Posters Dmitriy printed for Hack Scholars will be re-printed and re-hang-ed up
- Drone Registrations
  - If you plan to pilot R/C aircraft >50g, it's $5/drone if you do it before end of January
  - We clearly have people (Dan Meyer, Agocs, Phil, etc) who would be hella interested in making R/C stuff
  - Let's register some drone licenses and stuff
- Robot Riot
  - it exists, Jan 23, Saturday
- Swingler's weedwhacker left; Ryan will remind Tim to take home his weedwhacker
- Ubiquiti Unifi is coming back
  - Netgear can FOAD away
- We need to get some kind of server cabinet wired back up eventually
- Saturday: Artemis Night 6pm

- Projects
  - CNC?
  - Laser cutter still needs its Windows license done
  - Dust collection
    - Blower has been temporarily directly installed on table saw to mitigate the most pressing dust needs
    - Additional work is ongoing to upgrade/repair containment, etc: possible switch to a 55gal Brute
  - Erin's building an air filter, blade holders, etc.

Potpourri
--------
- Phil's still got crates/pallets/whatnot: If we want them between now and Monday morning, we'll get some nice free scrap wood
- A welder is here; we'll need to figure out how to do the legal liability whatnots and certification whatnots

