General Meeting Minutes 2016-03-02
=================================

Roll Call
---------

Jessica, Erin, Jack, Swingler, Budka, MIKE G, Dmitriy, Adam(new), Shabaz(new), Attard, Andrew, Agocs

Agenda
------

Topics
- Work table
	- No progress
	- This weekend
- Whiteboards: up
- Trim
- Hack Scholars update
- N00bs paradise postmortem
	- Copy ps1's format
- Checks
	- Have been ordered
	- $20
- Ebay/TEM Update: nope
- Lights
    - Shawn is gonna put up some more lights, we should eBay the rest
    - $150 each
- Insurance
	- AGOCS SHOULD DO THAT
	- Agocs asks joe for his agent
- Sponsorship
    - Chris gave Mike an email address
    - Updates?
	- Kreg said they'd send us some stuff; radio silence
	- DeWalt, Stanley, Makita last week
	- Spreadsheet for ideas
- Birthday
    - Christina Pei is gonna pick locks
    - Shawn will get 3D printers going -- Keychains?
    - Dmitriy will get cake
	- Clean up next wednesday
    - Phil and mason are generally pro-cleaning
- Back wall
    - Shawn doing electricity
    - Drywall sideways
    - Wooden shelving
- Back yard
    - Cleaning it up
    - Yojo gonna move bees
    - Carrollee gonna initiate some cleaning up in the spring
    - Exterior light should go on/near garage door
    - Agocs wants to do rent a brush mower to nuke all the plants
	- Pile up dirt into a ramp
- Safety Things are in a locker marked Safety
  - Take what you need, and need what you take
  - Put things back if they're not broken or one-time-use like earplugs
- Treasurer update

Events

- Birthday 3/11
  - Date: 3/11 at 7pm
  - Phil will reach out to Christina at TOOOL
  - Dmitriy/Jessica will work on getting a cake
  - Artemis
  - 3D printers
  - Grill?
- Artemis Friday 3/25 at ~6PM

Project checkins

- Dust management (Erin)
- Workbenches (Erin)
- CNC Mill (Thomas / Andrew / Agocs)
- Engraving Machine (Andrew)
- 3D Printers (Shawn)
- Temp lockers (Agocs)
- Tweet Printer (Ryan)
- MIG (Dan)
	- Saturday at 11

Potpourri

	- Joe-pourri
		- Maker Summit
			- Jessica is going
			- Facebook event????
			- Joe will talk to Emily Faulkner in re mini-summit located at Bubbly
			- Coord w/ ssh et al
			- Series of workshops
			- Might actually happen in 6 months
		- New programming for MAKE
			- Fix-It Friday
				- Emailed thread, no traction
				- Apr 15, people fixing stuff from 10-6
				- Suggested donation
				- Maybe 3D print or laser cut completely destroyed parts
				- Is anyone interested in helping out?

		- Landscaping yay
		- Digital projector -- can we fix it?
		- Email explosions
			- Digests
