General Meeting Minutes 2016-04-20
==================================

Roll Call
---------
Mason, Phil, Madeline, Sanjin, Sola, Chris A, Dmitriy, Andrew E

Agenda
------

Topics

- Hack Scholars update
  - Sola is here
  - Sanjin is here
- Ebay/TEM Update
  - Ongoing
- Sponsorship
  - Kreg had a Secret Meeting, and liked us
  - No word from Rubbermaid
  - Epilog doesn't donate, would be an educational discount (still $$$)
  - No word from FSLaser
  - Stanley work still ongoing
- Back room common wall
  - Shelving exists, is structural
  - Materials have been bought to do some more work
  - Shawn is out of commission for a while
- Laser Cutter status
  - Still out of service
  - Phil will check out the interlocks and/or software today
- Treasurer update
  - $2k hype!
  - Rent goes out soon
- Yard Cleanup
  - It happened and was quite successful
  - Andrew was hanging out with folks from the building after the cleanup
- 3D Printer Interest Group chatter
  - April 26 (Next Tuesday)
  - Not a Solid Agenda but rather short intro followed by troubleshooting/working/printing
- Data Science Interest Group chatter
  - Work through chapter 6

Events

- 3DPIG on April 26 7pm
- DSIG on May 3 7pm
- North Side Mini Maker Faire, Saturday May 7 10am
  - Dmitriy still working on the trifold
  - Additional giveaway/swag stuff
  - Rolling ball sculpture hopefully
  - Flight simulator/tricopter
- Artemis Night, Saturday May 14

Project checkins

- Dust management (Erin / Dmitriy)
  - No progress
- Workbenches (Erin / Dmitriy)
  - No progress
- CNC Mill (Thomas / Andrew / Agocs)
  - Allan casted a lovely aluminum bracket
- 3D Printers (Shawn / Nick)
  - Dual extrusion prints work
  - Printer 2 extruder jammed right now
- MIG (Dan)
  - Flying this weekend! in Mettawa
  - Leave at 10am from the space
- RFID Doors (Agocs)
  - The door switching circuit works now
  - Beaglebone/breadboard are mounted to a baseplate
  - Next need to code the BB GPIO actuation

Potpourri
- Dmitriy has a totally rad NASA calendar
- Dmitriy gave a report of his Austin trip/hackerspaces there
- Sola working on an app
- Madeline is interested in possibly leading a wearables interest group
- Phil has mentioned the possibility of a future music jam session
