General Meeting 2015-11-18
--------------------------

Roll Call
=========
Dmitriy, Phil, Ryan, Mason, Chris A, Erin, Carl, Andrew, Dan, Kevin

Topics
======
- No buildout progress in last week
  - Negative progress: Agocs put more holes in wall
- Anticipating getting together with Tim week(end) of Thanksgiving to wire up the front room as much as we can
- Mudding to happen whenever people are available this month, 90 minute mud purchased (maybe 11/21?)
  - Sanding will be fun; Dmitriy tried the 20min mud at home and it actually worked pretty well at sanding
  - Hard part will be roundy parts
- Talked to Joe Budka about helping us make plans for plywood shelving and workbenches, but he has been too busy to contribute for now
- Stickers are here
  - Look good!
- Carl is now a member, and is on the mailing list
- We need to enforce parking permits and cleaning up after yourself during projects
- The Eastern European Mini-Mill Combo and Big Honkin' Drill Press are now scrap metal
- Literal pounds of sawdust were cleaned up this weekend
- Are all the members paying the new rate?
- File 990N (IRS) for 2014 and backtaxes with IL
- File Sec of State documentation for IL
- Ryan bought more AV stuff to be installed and is working on other stuff
  - Will be getting a project box and some RCA and 3.5mm jacks
  - It will happen Monday-ish
- Hack Scholars - working on poster for campuses
- Tech update: Microsoft licensing makes my head hurt. For the thing we're only allowed to do once, that's specifically for bringing non-compliant pirated Windows installs in spec. I need to go through the hundreds of different Windows licensing options on TechSoup and figure out which makes sense for us. :/
- Only need license on the Xeon tower that drives the lasercutter; everything else is up-to-date licenses or Linux
- Phil will follow up with FSLaser
- Phil, Andrew and Ryan did great service in making the back room less shitty this weekend

Potpurri
========
- Vinyl cutter is plugged in and working!
- Hi Kevin! New member
- Trash the sliding doors (update: doors are trashed)
- Soap dispenser is mounted in the bathroom! We have tons of soap!
- Vinyl cutter paperwork exists for the vinylcutter equivalent of a bill of sale
- Open Shop Day/(craft fair maybe?)
  - Saturday, December 5

