# ssh:Chicago Meeting Minutes for 2012-07-18 #

## Roll ##
Bobby Z., Dmitriy V., Lance C., Mason D., Matt C.

## Correspondence ##
 * No update on ToooL from Matt C.
 
## Old Business ##
 * Update on tutorials
   - Dmitriy V. and Matt C. talked to Benton House about holding the Nerf modding
     tutorial there, Thursdays generally work well. Scheduled for 2012-08-09.
 * No update on bylaws.
   - Office hours 2012-07-19 at BCS will be devoted to working on bylaws.
 * Mason D. reports that our incorporation application was denied due to misformatting
   of Dmitriy V.'s absurdly long address. This was corrected and resubmitted yesterday.
 * Vlada G. does not presently have much content for the newsletter, will fix this
   over the next couple of weeks. Dmitriy V. and Vlada G. will work on this.
 * No update on urban scavenger hunt, Dmitriy V. will research allycat races.
 * Discussion of office hours.
   - Office hours in the Loop could be a good idea, given how many of us work
     there.
 * Preparations for Evanston Makers Faire:
   - We need cards and handouts, in the past this has been a bit haphazard.
   - A pamphlet with our talking points would be a very good idea.
   - A tablet to present a signup form for our mailing list would be cool. Mason D. has one.
   - Dmitriy V. will redo the flags so we can display them. If he fails, Bobby Z. can help
     replace the existing ones.
   - Wearing the shirts would be a good idea.
   - If we end up with a table, Bobby Z. can set up 3D scanning with a Kinect.
   - Nerf guns would be good, possibly disassembled and/or modded.
 * What did we do last week?
   - Mason D. got a better antenna for his RT-SDR, and managed to use it
     to diagnose some interesting traffic from a taxicab radio.
   - Dmitriy V.'s cucumbers have started to climb, so he build an ad-hoc trellis.
     His tomatoes also need their own support, which is yet to be improvised.
     He is also setting up the annual NeoCon event on 2012-08-10 and 2012-08-11.
   - Lance C. went to HOPE 9, which was really cool.

## New Business ##
 * None.
