# ssh:Chicago Meeting Minutes for 2012-08-01 #

## Roll ##
Adam E., Bobby Z., John S., Lance C.

## Correspondence ##
 * No update on ToooL from Matt C.

## Old Business ##
 * Update on tutorials
   - The Nerf modding tutorial needs to be publized.
     * List of reasonable guns.
     * We need guns.
     * A list of what tools are needed, and who is bringing them.
     * John C. will set up an EventBrite event, $15 with a gun, $5 without.
     * Adam E. and Bobby Z. will get fliers printed, and Lance C. can help distribute.
     * Lance C. will post a Facebook event and other publicity. Twitter posting would also be nice.
       Similarly, we need a mailing list posting.
     * Hydration would be good to have on hand.
 * No update on bylaws.
 * Mason D. has not yet settled on a bank.
 * No update on newsletter from Vlada G.
 * No update on allycat races from Dmitriy V.
 * Update on preparations for Evanston Makers Faire.
   - Who's going:
     * Sat. Bobby Z., Dmitriy V., John S., maybe Lance C.
     * Sun. Bobby Z., John S.
     This is probably not sufficient to support a booth, we'd want at least 6 people.
   - Bobby Z. can bring his Kinect and laptop to do 3D scanning.
   - Bobby Z. has business cards and flyers, John S. has buttons.
 * No present discussion of meeting at PS:1.
 * What did we do last week?
   - Adam E. built a turntable.fm bot using node.js.
   - John C. fixed the thermistor on his RepRap.
   - Lance C. got his Cisco AP working.

## New Business ##
 * None.
