# ssh:Chicago Meeting Minutes for 2012-04-04 #

## Roll ##
Dmitriy V., Joe M., John C, Lance C., Linda G., Matt C., John S., Tim R.

## Correspondence ##
 * Celeste has not heard from EE professors, others should try to contact.
 * Matt has still not heard from Bubbly Dynamics and Pleasant House. Robert Zilstra made sound like it was very hard to get in touch with these people. 
   He seems to know everyone in Bridgeport, has non-profit experience doing workshops to encourage community involvement, very interested in helping.
   Had a space, eventually found it less important then other outreach. He has concerns about insularity, which seem to match our desire for outreach.
   Put us in touch with Benton House, who is very interested in helping us, at least by providing meeting space.

## Old Business ##
 * Alex Z. uploaded the latest website content.
   - Keep your pull requests tight.
 * Discussion of the "Path Forward", with a focus on recruiting.
   - Dmitriy V. has reached out to a few people at colleges, but little interest.
   - Artist interest would be nice, but is proving tricky. Pilsen Art Walk could be a good venue.
   - A PS1 member goes to Columbia.
   - We have a table at the North Side Maker Faire, 21st of April. Networking event on Friday from 3-9 for booth holders.
   - Meeting in a more public location would help.
 * Tutorials
   - Ruby / Rails didn't run this week, attendees couldn't attend.
   - Get in touch with Ray Hightower, promote tutorials to Chicago Ruby.
   - Soldering tutorial will run at the Idea Shop Monday.
   - Ruby in the park would be cool.
 * Read draft mission statement, Lance C.
   - Will be posted on the wiki for further refinement.
 * We should print t-shirts to increase visibility.
   - Recommend using Windy City screen printing. They retain screens, so those are a fixed cost.
   - We'd have to order American Apparel shirts.
   - Will start a mailing list thread.
   
## New Business ##
 * Need to work on our bylaws, presently just a copy of PS1's.
   - Read the mission statement, and examine with a critical eye. Commentary on Google Groups.
   - Propose adoption on a probationary basis at next meeting.
